About
The original permanent Meow Wolf exhibition, House of Eternal Return, is a monumental achievement in DIY world creation and collaboration, featuring over 70 rooms made by local and community artists.

House of Eternal Return is an unique & immersive art installation with multimedia elements and a mysterious narrative throughout.

All Meow Wolf Exhibitions are now Certified Autism Centers™

Reviews
The concert was a 21+ show, my girlfriend who bought the ticket's is 20, she wasn't aware of this at the time. When we arrived at the doors we were denied entrance and told that we could receive a refund to the ticket's via the website. After contacting 3 different people she still hasn't received a refund. Making people pay for concerts they weren't allowed to see is sketchy, unreasonable, and unprofessional. I will not be attending the museum again or any other concerts that might be showing there.

We cannot deny that the art presented is complex and gorgeous and it took the artists a lot of time. However, any chronology was lost and we couldn’t understand our objective (if any) besides to ‘experience’ the art - but then the story line is missed. Maybe if there had been an introduction or brochure at the entrance, we could have had a better start and an easier time inside. Did we need to solve a mystery? Also, some people had 3D glasses and said they were $1 but no one offered us glasses at the entrance. Also bag check is $1. I think if we’re already paying a crazy $35 per person entry, then give us the glasses for free. Further, some people had apps on their phones and other information and clues, so they were having a much different experience than us. While true, everyone will experience this art installation differently, if there is supposed to be a story line, it would be better if all customers could start on the same page. Finally we got overwhelmed in our visit and had to leave, unable to find and watch the videos in order, and unable to understand the whole story. For just playing with art, not worth the money. Maybe limit the number of tickets, too, as I waited some time to try to read ‘clues’ and understand the ‘plot.’ Poorly executed - although pretty. 

There is a story line and scavenger hunt you should follow to get the full benefits from this museum. Unfortunately the only time we could go was 1pm on a Saturday and it was crowded. Could not really spend time on clues because so many  people were reading them. Also there were few secrets because everyone was opening or crawling through things you are meant to discover.   We did have some fun walking through the various art rooms but it really was lost on us and not very exciting. This is too expensive to get so little from. Plan to go when you will have few people and children  to contend with. 

We knew nothing about the exhibit prior to arriving in Santa Fe and walked over here at the recommendation of a fellow traveler who had children about the age of ours.  Turn's out it's a really unique and strange experience.  To get in, it's best to buy tickets in advance ($30, no discounts for teens) but we were able to get them as we waited in line.  They have timed entries which were 20 minutes apart while we were there, so we scanned a QR code on a sign in front and picked a time about 30 minutes out. They have separate waiting lines in front with the 20 minute apart times posted in them.  Once inside, keep up with your kids or arrange to meet them at a specific place and time as the 20,000 ft space is a labyrinth.  There's a theme and plot to the whole exhibit , which consists of dozens of rooms and spaces with different motifs, but it was so crowded when we were there that it was difficult to follow.  So, we spent a couple of hours checking out all of the interactive, audio, and visual exhibits while our kids did the same on their own.  After a couple of hours you will have probably seen everything or gone into sensory overload.    As an adult, I would have enjoyed it more without all of the unattended kids running around grabbing things, but, in fairness, they all seemed to be having a great time.  Once you are out of the exhibit space, they have a nice coffee bar which also sells mixed drinks, wine and beer after 4 p.m.  If you're a live music fan, check their calendar to see if any bands are playing - the stage is inside the exhibit and a great small venue.  It held 300 or so people, so you'll be near the bands while they play.  The show we went to was 18 and up, not all ages, and there are no drinks allowed inside the exhibit, but there are a couple of outside bars with access in and out for 21 and over guests.

We visited as a family and I wish I wore my bike helmet and elbow pads as you do tend to crawl, climb, slide, and dunk your way in, about and around this art installation. There is no set path, you explore where you want to, anything could be a secret door, but watch your head and dress as if you were crawling around a fun house. Tip: make reservations if you don’t want to wait in line and crawl out of bed to make the 10am tour as it’s less crowded. If you are interested in solving the mystery of what happened to the family, check the mailbox. 3D glasses are $1 extra and I lost mine hallway through and didn’t notice a major difference.

I’d heard about Meow Wolf a while back, and it was SO MUCH MORE than I could have ever expected. My friend and I spent hours here exploring the installations and interacting with the art. I honestly can’t recommend this enough to ANYONE.. this isn’t a place that only artists or hippies might enjoy, it is truly for everyone.

It is really hard to describe exactly what Meow Wolf is but part of what makes it so fun is that you can make the experience into what you want. It is an immersive and interactive art experience with a narrative and you can get as involved with the rooms and the story as you'd like. I think I spent nearly 4 hours traversing through the various rooms, engulfed and in awe of the attention and detail given to the all art and ideas displayed, and buried in the story and puzzles. I had a blast to say the least! I would definitely return for a visit and would highly recommend to any person of any age--I think everyone can enjoy it! I also got to enjoy a drink at The Float (the snack/bar counter) in Meow Wolf before and after. The cocktails are super delicious!

This is a giant bowling-alley-sized interactive art installation. A loosely connected story about a kind of mad scientist/collector of curiosities and his family gives you a basic storyline but it’s not crucial to understand to enjoy all the clever creative art. There are many secret passages in the central house which take you to another dimension. My sons’ favorite part was climbing through the refrigerator into another portal. It’s not cheap and I was very concerned about crowds making it less enjoyable but timed entries seemed to control it fine. There were no possibilities for social distancing but they are strict with masking. We went at 4 which seemed to be a decent time. Allow 2-2.5 hours. When we left at 6:30 there was a very long line I’m assuming for 640 & 7 pm entry so I would avoid those times with young kids. Fun to have something that all ages can enjoy!

I hemmed and hawed about purchasing tickets for a long time, feeling like the price was rather steep. I finally threw caution to the wind and bought the tickets. So glad I did not miss this experience!If you love the visual arts, the colorful and creative, and just the plain wacky this is the place for you. Room after room of visual delight. floor to ceiling explosions of  things from amazingly creative imaginations.  We were here for roughly 2 1/2 hours and I could’ve easily  wandered for five hours.  The Meow Wolf website does it’s best to give you an idea of what lies inside this building. Take it from me, it does not do it justice. There’s really no way to capture the magical world inside.  Not a ton of parking for this busy venue, be prepared to park on a side road and hoof it. Leave your backpacks or large bags in the car! There is a gift store and you can get a snack or drink on site.

Our family (10 & 12 yo) thoroughly enjoyed our time! We started our visit at 6:40 pm and left at about 9:45 pm. Everyone was masked up and there is hand sanitizer everywhere, which was welcome as you do touch a lot of surfaces.  It is tight with lots of visitors, but everyone was super respectful and gave others space in tight areas. Everything was working as it was supposed to. There was plexiglass over the dryer, but everything else was accessible. We were told it doesn’t really matter the order by which you explore, which is accurate, but would recommend starting in the house - especially if you are trying to figure out the story. Definitely worth a visit! Purchase tickets in advance - they will sell out!

Meow Wolf itself-the house/building and all the art was incredible. I had never seen anything like it and it was pretty amazing seeing the intricate designs and rooms and mazes. That being said, for $40/person, it was an absolute rip-off! It took us exactly 40 minutes to go through the whole house so if you feel like paying $1/minute, this is your place. We went at 4:00pm and it was SO chaotic and crowded, the staff policed everyone about wearing masks properly, and kids were screaming and crying. There were WAY too many people allowed in at once and it just wasn't fun. I recommend going mid-week and perhaps during the first time spot available. If kids were only allowed at certain times and adults the rest of the time, it would make a huge difference. I wish I had gone another time because I feel like I wasted $80 on two tickets to be crammed in like sardines with screaming, chaotic kids and people.

Meow Wolf gets a ton of hype We got there and they made sure we had our masks on. It didn’t matter it was packed We were bumping into people the whole timeThere is virtually no guidance on how to traverse the transactionWe asked several people and we got NO help. My wife and I both have advanced degrees and it was not clearWith all that said it is $40 per person. Ok it was certainly NOT worth that . Stay away spend 3 hours on a white water rafting trip for $60. I have never been more disappointed in anything and we travel not only the US but the world.

Had a great time at Meow Wolf but temper expectations.  Booked late afternoon mod-week after reading we might experience lower crowds at that time.  No such luck, lines out the door.  The problem is the space is meant to be explored and discovered and that’s just not possible when the place is packed when you enter. Before you can “discover” its various surprises you’ve seen 20 people “discover” them.  Would have been SO much cooler if they limited crowds, or organized entry so only small groups entered at one time (or if crowds on first part of “house” were controlled.  I know there is a storyline if you spend time taking in all details  (like reams of paper to read, plus videos with backstory and computer terminals to scan), but there was no room to dive deep  given the crowds.Still worth a visit.  Many amazing immersive environments (including a domed hang out space that reeked so strongly of BO we wondered if it was intentional!).  A great intro to interactive art.  But we spent maybe 90 minutes before crowds simply exhausted us.  Also, as others have mentioned, paying for the prismatic glasses was complete waste of money.

After reading some negative reviews about the crowds, we considered passing on this experience during our vacation, but EVERYONE we asked in person said this was the top thing to do with kids so we sucked it up and made reservations for the first timeslot (9 am) mid-week. We got a very brief, nice email about being a good member of the community and wearing your mask if unvaccinated and considering wearing your mask if vaccinated for the protection of kids under the vaccine age.When we arrived they gave us an intro/welcome speech outside as a group and reiterated the mask guidance. Almost everyone with kids under the age of vaccination was masked, of course there are always exceptions...a couple families with youngish kids who just did not care enough to wear their masks, but they were the vast minority of people there. There were also hand sanitizing machines at the entry of every room that also had antibacterial wipes for guests' use.  As a family who has been VERY cautious throughout Covid bc of an underlying health issue, we felt very safe considering we were indoors with a lot of other people.The museum itself was super fun for all of us. The colors and art and trippy scenarios and ways to interact with the art were all fantastic. We stayed for about 2 1/2 hours, did NOT follow the story, just explored, and it was a really fun morning. I think this is a great family friendly activity that is really unique and encourages exploration and self-expression.

You have never seen anything like it. Truly experiential, exploratory art. Open every door, whether it’s a washing machine door, fridge door, unmarked door, child-sized door almost hidden in a corner. Over 140 different artists contributed & it is creation overload. In my group of 4 friends we each reacted differently. Upon leaving I was super exhilarated, others were exhausted or stunned, others delighted & full of giggles. I would say this is not for small kids, elderly/frail, or anyone unsteady in their feet - some climbing, crouching, crawling involved. It’s a wonderland!  Go!! 

The concept is fun, but the venue was packed  - really uncomfortable for the middle of a pandemic.  It was a bit absurd making people stand 6 feet apart to check in, only to be swarmed by 20 people in small rooms once inside.  Save your visit until conditions are more appropriate, and then enjoy.

Since they are limiting people here we bought our tickets a couple weeks in advance. We didn't have to wait too long in line for our time slot before we were allowed to enter. The exhibits are super cool, but there were way too many people in there, I don't think I was ever more then six feet away from somebody. A lot of the rooms have signs saying one family at a time but other people would come in when we were in there anyways! There are tons of hand sanitizer stations and we used them constantly! I cannot imagine what this place would be like at full capacity. I'm assuming you're not even able to see anything. We haven't been here before so I don't know if anything was broken but the review before me lists multiple things that were wrong and we didn't notice any of those during our visit on March 26th. The TVs were all working, the little guy in the toilet was there. The only thing different than what I saw online was you couldn't go in the dryer, it had plexiglass over it which was a huge bummer! We thought sitting in the bus was pretty cool and the video is in the room with all the bottle caps were super creepy! It was quite a high entry fee, but we did enjoy it, so I guess you could say it was worth a one time visit!!

Chaos at front door, which does not have a box office to purchase tickets. Older woman with pink dreadlocks in pirate costume, was yelling at front door crowds about buying tickets online, in order to enter. Timed tickets didn’t limit crowds once inside a poorly lit, musty smelling site, with irregular shaped rooms of varying size and height, only added to overall frustration and confusion. $10 pp would have been a stretch but $30 pp in retrospect was outlandish. We were duped as out of town visitors, no need for you to be too!

Seriously one of the coolest places I’ve ever been! This is a place you could hang out in all day. So much to see and discover. An absolute must at least once a year! Bring anyone that comes to town or be sure to stop by if your traveling through. The best way I can describe it: It’s like Willy Wonka’s Factory meets Alice in Wonderland. My teenagers (16 &17) ran off like little kids and we never ran into them once. I ended up having to call them and meet up when it was time to go. It is busy so some rooms you have to revisit due to crowding. Some tight openings, tiny ladders, narrow corridors, etc.

We had a great time here ,you will spend an hour and a half to two hours here,there is so much to explore. It is fun for all ages.We  had a group of 5 and everyone enjoyed it. But make sure you book your tickets online and maybe even before you leave on your trip because it is very popular and they limit the amount of people by time slots ,so that everyone can enjoy all the exhibits.

This could have been a weird but enjoyable experience. Someone definitely put a lot of effort into building an unforgettable attraction that had both an easy, fuss free, roaming around and taking in the sites and sounds option OR a take your time and dig in to the clues that lead to a whole storyline of who’s who and what’s what. Unfortunately, I felt a very dark presence in some of the displays including, but not limited to a voice of a young dead boy asking to be brought back to life and a room set up to look like a Satanic church service. I’m not opposed to getting scared for the fun of it but I didn’t leave with a “that was fun” feeling but more of a “that was disturbing” feeling.  Some small changes would make this place much more enjoyable to visit and then I could recommend it in good conscience.

If you want something extremely unusual to do check out Meow Wolf. It’s hard to describe - it’s like a trip through someone’s dream world or a neon, dream-state interactive art installation. For me once was enough but based on the overflowing parking lot I suspect their are many who visit over and over - too much to see in one trip! 

I traveled from San Diego to Santa Fe to see this "exhibition".  The ticket taker said in an ominous tone;;"touch everything" all rooms have a story.  They even sold "sensory overload bags"  Have no clue what they were.So you go in to the set, and it looks like an old time saloon, street.  Okay, so we go into the first home.  There is a sofa with a lot of reading material that is supposed to help us piece together a story of a lost family.  In the kitchen the refrigerator door opens. Okay pretty cool, you step inside the refrigerator...and there is a hallway to the rest of the exhibit.Big let down.There was no interaction in any of the exhibits, just 70 plus inane rooms.  A Yeti in a test tube, a room with a sofa that is covered in some type of dirty and disgusting mohair stuff, with the same mohair on the walls.  Rest of exhibitor is a helicopter upside down ,or a Mac Truck looking like it crashed into a room, a climbing tower that just had you walking around on ramps here and there. This is in the main part of the exhibit.  It is all neon poster paint, garish and uninspiring. There was one room that had dinosaur bones and some stalactites.  This was interactive if you hugged the stalactite it would hum.  And there were drum stick items that were used to hit the dinosaur bones, which resulted in a musical tone  This was what the entire exhibition should have been.  All the other rooms were passive and stupid.  I know others gave a glowing review.  But to me it was a poorly executed fun house.

We visited on New Year's Eve so the place was crowded and the parking was challenging but it was worth it.  The creativity shows in every detail of this place.  It was fun exploring and looking at all the cool things that the artists created.  

So my wife said we should visit this place called Meow Wolf. I asked if it was a restaurant, museum or what? She said it was described as a haunted house meets art gallery. Hmm, ok. I was not sure if it would be interesting, but we had time, so we stopped by. The outside is a non descript warehouse sized building and large parking lot. Inside was a big gift shop and lobby with registration desk. We purchased tickets (quite reasonable cost) and went though the entrance door. And next we were outside an old two story house, complete with trees, shrubbery and dark sky. OK, that's interesting. Do we go inside? Is this an exhibit of some sort?  So we go inside. There are other visitors, some sitting on the couches reading, some going through the books and papers strewn about. There were obvious signs that something weird had just occurred in the dining room. We were trying to figure out what it was when the sound hit us, and we realized this was an immersive experiance.  I was amused and very excited to realize that everyone was part of this exhibit/experience. People started disappearing into the fireplace, and I thought that was odd. Then I opened the fridge and was transported to another dimension.  OK, mind blown. I'm hooked.I won't spoil the surprise, so I'll just say my mind kept getting blown all day. Each surprise more beautiful and fun. At the end, our minds exhausted, we left happy.This is a wonderful experiance you will want to share with your friends. Come ready to let your curiosity run free. Read everything, open doors, explore and wonder.

My teenage daughters had a blast at Meow Wolf. My artistic 13 year old found Meow Wolf to be an absolutely fascinating way to explore art and would like to go there every day until she is sure that she has seen it all. My older daughter loved exploring the rooms and trying to solve the mystery. Personally, I really enjoyed Meow Wolf though it was dark and a bit crowded in some spots. I am average sized and in my late forties, there were a few places in Meow Wolf that I didn’t explore because I didn’t want to hurt my knees. My husband who has mobility issues due to having a titanium rod in his leg could not really explore anything because there were several areas where it was too dark and crowded for him to safely get around. You must be able to stoop, climb, crawl to really be able to see Meow Wolf. It was fun for most of us but my husband was a little disappointed that he didn’t really get to see much of it.

You will only be limited by your time constraints. If you want to follow the storyline bring a flashlight. We did not and were still there 2 1/2 hours! And loved every second of it. I’m sure we missed a few things. We were a 9yo, 40yo and a 65yo. All thought it fantastic! We each had a drink at the cafe afterward. There were 2 food trucks in the parking lot but we ate at a nearby restaurant, Dr Fields Good which was delish plus on a Diners, drive throughs and dives episode. There seemed to be several group tours of teen kids there, and it was crowded, but never an issue at all. 

Meow Wolf was so much fun!  We could have spent so much more time there and never gotten bored.  We're not even sure if we saw every room and space after two hours there.  We were lucky to be there on a day where there were some live performers and that just added to the fun.  Our 10 and 12 year old daughters loved climbing through the fridge and the dryer and rushed from room to room and found something new through every door or around every corner.  Our 12 year old absolutely loved it and tried to figure out some of the mystery and what happened.  Our 10 year old thought some of the rooms were "creepy" but still had a great time.  Highly recommend if you are in Santa Fe.  Note that backpacks are not allowed but can be stored in lockers for $1.  Also, don't waste the money on the prism glasses - they didn't do much!

Really enjoyed Meow Wolf! Super different than anything we have been to. The artists that created everything are very talented and deserve tons of respect. We brought our young (aged 3-6) nephews with and they loved all the colors, displays and stimulations. So many different things to see and do. Great entertainment value!

I'm glad we did this; we'd heard a lot about it. And while it was cool, it wasn't mind blowing.  It was basically a series of "sets", like a stage play, with a small amount of it being interactive.  I can see that children would absolutely love it.  It was fun to see the hardcore people, mostly young people, who've obviously been many times and are trying to solve the "mystery".  That was probably the best thing about it.  (Kids doing something besides video games!)   I think it you were locale and had time to try to find all the clues, it would be more fun.

Meow Wolf was so much fun!  We could have spent so much more time there and never gotten bored.  We're not even sure if we saw every room and space after two hours there.  We were lucky to be there on a day where there were some live performers and that just added to the fun.  Our 10 and 12 year old daughters loved climbing through the fridge and the dryer and rushed from room to room and found something new through every door or around every corner.  Our 12 year old absolutely loved it and tried to figure out some of the mystery and what happened.  Our 10 year old thought some of the rooms were "creepy" but still had a great time.  Highly recommend if you are in Santa Fe.  Note that backpacks are not allowed but can be stored in lockers for $1.  Also, don't waste the money on the prism glasses - they didn't do much!

Really enjoyed Meow Wolf! Super different than anything we have been to. The artists that created everything are very talented and deserve tons of respect. We brought our young (aged 3-6) nephews with and they loved all the colors, displays and stimulations. So many different things to see and do. Great entertainment value!

I'm glad we did this; we'd heard a lot about it. And while it was cool, it wasn't mind blowing.  It was basically a series of "sets", like a stage play, with a small amount of it being interactive.  I can see that children would absolutely love it.  It was fun to see the hardcore people, mostly young people, who've obviously been many times and are trying to solve the "mystery".  That was probably the best thing about it.  (Kids doing something besides video games!)   I think it you were locale and had time to try to find all the clues, it would be more fun.

Hmmm…. Not sure I had a great understanding of what this place was about. I think I expected it to be a cool place where you found clues that led you to find hidden passages and books and crannies. In reality, this is a giant art exhibit that you can walk through and immerse yourself in. There were a couple of cool things, but because there was not really any direction, we wound up going through backwards and it kinds ruined the cool factor. It’s advertised as 70 rooms, so I thought it would take all day, but we had finished within two hours. Maybe it would be fun if you had kids, or people who wanted to take a lot of photos. I went with my 21 year old son and we both agreed it was interesting, but not really worth $50 a piece. Also, it was crazy packed. We went on a Saturday afternoon, which I would not recommend. It’s kind of hard to stumble upon hidden rooms when you see lines of people going in and out of the “hidden” passageways.

We were a party of three  . . myself and my two adult daughters . . . and we had a  wonderful time.  We spent three hours exploring the house, collecting clues, reading notebooks and talking with the actors.  We are still talking about it!!  I recommend this for families with elementary age or older children and couples.  Some spaces are tight to maneuver and not suitable for the mobility impaired .. . but there are plenty of other places to go that this will not seem restrictive.  There are stairs.  I don't know whether there is an elevator.  Good Covid protection .. . . masks and sanitizer everywhere.  Allow plenty of explore time .. this is not a quick visit but worth the time!

This was definitely a unique experience and very visually stimulating. However the experience was ruined in my opinion due to the overcrowding of the rooms, it was almost impossible to actually explore or interact with any of the exhibits due to the number of people allowed inside. They are very firm about masking and mention the 6 foot rule which is impossible due to the overcrowding.

My first thought: Did they smoke weed while creating this and should we smoke some to get it (laughing). I love art, colors, and am an oil painter, myself so I get self expression.  This collaboration shows what can happen when you get some out of the box thinkers/artist together in one place.  Very interactive and "the house" portion even has a mystery to solve...such a quirky adventure and fun - even to watch others trying to navigate and solve with the clues.  You find yourselves conversing as perfect strangers to try and figure it all out!I would start with a cocktail (like we did in their snack area).There was one drink that is even garnished with cotton candy!  I had a Sunflower Fairy - brimstone absinthe, dripping springs gin, cointreau, fresh lemon juice & splash of St. Germain shake'n served up with a twist of lemon (except my garnish in my photo that I rec'd was orange twist & rosebuds).  There is also a gift shop to get some fun merch adjacent to the snack bar area.Once snacked up, since it does take a bit to go through if you truly want to participate, we started in the house.  I don't want to spoil it for you so I will only tell you to expect the unexpected, keep your eyes out for dinosaurs, bathroom is down a very very long psychedelic hallway (and a nice one it is), and be prepared as this is a popular place and reserving a time to go in is a thing (hint: book on line).  They do have their own parking lot.

This place is very different. It is a hands-on art exhibit with a mystery to solve. It's definitely worth a visit. They are limiting the number of people who enter and masks are required. There are many hand sanitizer stations throughout. The exhibit itself is truly one of a kind and I enjoyed exploring every nook and cranny.

What I appreciated most about Meow Wolf is the unbelievable vision and creativity of the artists who collaborated on this project. I love how they take everyday objects and transform them into an interactive experience. It's a dizzying display couple with sensory overload. Because there is so much to see and experience, you almost feel like you're missing out as it's impossible to fully immerse yourself in each room and after 45 minutes I had enough of trying to "take it all in."  I'm glad I went but the $40 per person price tag means I would not go back. This is a pricey outing for a family of five.

First off, there is no  way to describe this place. I gave it little attention ciming from the theme park industry, but these guys built a great dark ride for Elitch's Gardens, so I was in the area and had to stop. I visited on a week day (1/22) and found a filled parking lot and a food truck for lunch. I somehow stayed in a hotel about 1/4 mile away the night before, so this was to be my first stop. I was told at the food truck this was a good day for walk-ins, as it was not busy. In I went, open minded. Staff is friendly, and believes in their product and brand. I don't want to describe the interior set too much, but you keep ending up in the house you want to save for later. Once I exited through the fridge, I knew it was a free for all. I did not opt to solve the riddle on the missing family, but i still spent about 75-90 minutes, Bought some cool stickers for my boogie board, and had a $7 purple hot chocolate. Yes, please buy tickets in advance, and make this a half/day on your visit. Block off at least 2 hours, and just enjoy yourself. Good times here.

We went in late July knowing they were limiting attendance due to Covid concerns. My 17 year old son is interested in digital arts so this was something we were really excited about. It was PACKED. It was mask optional for anyone vaccinated but, of course, who knows if everyone actually was. They did actually enforce mask usage for anyone under age twelve so that was good. But being shoulder to shoulder with people in such a windy place was frankly a little disconcerting after the year we've all had. There was so much to see but difficult to see it all because there were just sooooo many people in there. I think under different circumstances and with markedly fewer guests, the experience would be better but I can't say I'd go again. My son said he'd like to go again sometime to figure out more of the story but, it just wasn't possible with so many people there.

The imagination and execution required to create this is truly admirable. I struggled between experiencing the uniquely incredible and the disappointingly kitschy. I imagine young children would be mesmerized and ‘tweeners and teens will have fun that doesn’t involving staring at a screen. The parking lot is small relative to the demand so be prepared to park in the surrounding area. 

What a fun thing to do, whether solo or with family or friends. Be prepared to spend as long as you like exploring this immersive art experience. Children will love it too. Audio/Visual/Tactile/Experiential. I don't want to give anything away. A must-do!

People kept talking about Meow Wolf and I searched all over trying to figure out what it actually was since all anybody could explain was "an immersive experience." Now I know why. I went there once, then went again on a subsequent trip to Santa Fe because I felt like I must have missed something. I didn't. There was some loose mystery that was supposed to be solved but I don't think it's even solvable. The art was very cool but the theme was incredibly loose. It was really just a jumble of cool stuff thrown together. Worth going to but don't overthink it because they certainly didn't. I recommend going in the late evening--no lines and not as crowded inside. 

This is a mystery house and modern art all mixed up together. The crowd are a little disconcerting with the increased Covid, but we masked up and used the abundant hand sanitizer. I would have like to spend more time with the mystery but the rest of the fam wanted to head into the exhibits. Depending on the age of your kids, it's 1.5 to 3 hours of exploration. We were there first thing in the morning and it quickly became crowded.

Lock Walt Disney, George Lucas, Robin Williams and Lewis Carrol into a room and ask them to design an interactive arts/entertainment venue and you get Meow Wolf. This former bowling alley was transformed into a stunning experiential venue designed to disconnect you from everyday reality and then delight you with unexpected visual and physical sensations.  It provided hours of stimulation and discovery but got very crowded and uncomfortable as more people were admitted.   Go very early for the best experience. 

We went to Meow Wolf last week with our family of four and my in-laws. I thought I understood it to be a modern art museum in which each room was "created" by a different artist. I was excited to experience walk-through rooms and interactive art, however, I did not know there is a "story" to the experience that involves a "mystery".  (I cannot explain why I did not like it because Trip Advisor won't allow it.  This is my third time having to revise this review and I'm about done with the whole site.  Why ask for reviews if you cannot be honest and transparent?)One of my sons was very interested in solving the "mystery" . He wanted to sit in the kitchen and rooms of the main house devouring all the clues, but the amount of information you need to take in to solve the mystery is overwhelming. I do not see that it could be accomplished in one visit and therefore just becomes frustrating as everything is tied to this narrative.My in-laws were not able to see half of the "museum" because they cannot crawl into small spaces or go up stairs within tunnels, etc. So this was not the family experience we hoped it would be. They more or less saw part of the main floor and then sat on a bench in the "hub" while the rest of us went up, down, and through. It made me feel sad and guilty for leaving them out. There was nothing in the information we received that suggested this would be the case. The facility even emphasized all their handicapped parking spaces.  Why?  You cannot possibly get a wheelchair through the exhibits.If you are with little kids who just want to run around and touch stuff they will love it.  If you or your group members have any mobility issues or are uncomfortable with small spaces I would pass.  There are other reasons not to go but I guess you'll just get to give them your money and find out for yourself.

Absolutely a trip for all of the senses. Rooms hidden behind walls, walls hidden behind rooms, there is a challenging game which can be played with the clues that proliferate around the different rooms—we just went and played. Part of the fun is figuring out what parts of the exhibit make noise or light up as the artist in this coop have done an excellent job of showcasing their talent in all forms of media! A must see!!

This is the best attraction in Santa Fe, probably the entire state, and one of the best in the world. Have been a few times and keep finding new things each time. The level of intricacy and detail is incredible and it's all just visually mind-blowing. The concerts are also can't miss!

So we came to Santa Fe for our anniversary and decided we had heard about Meow Wolf we needed to check it out. Prepare for sensory overload. So cool and I admit I was a little jaded about the place after just a few minutes in it was clear that the value for money was there. So much to see and take in. There is an underlying story, but I decided I just wanted to get into the art and trippy experience that was here. Need to come back with my kids and have them dig on it and see what they think.  

We went with a local who had not yet been.  Wow, what an experience!  You could spend hours and hours here (we spent about two hours there, and I'd happily go back).  It's an artistic story, a journey, with lots of things for the eyes and ears.  Explore everything!  Some walls aren't what they seem.  Each room is unique. Touch things!  Some of them make noises; others change color.  I don't want to be specific (because I don't want to spoil surprises for others) but this was an absolute gem of a place.  So much fun!  Great for kids (but probably not toddlers); we saw kids from about 7 or 8 up into their teens and they all seemed to be having a great time.

Probably the most unique experience I’ve had in visiting an attraction. Took the train up from Bernalillo and spent a few hours here, which honestly was probably not enough time to see everything. The creativity used by the collective of artists in creating this is something I’ve never seen and must be experienced in person. A definite place to visit! 

I had to climb 25 steep stairs to get to The upper floor. Staff were very unhelpful with giving suggestions on how to Best visit the site. There isn’t a map and people are just supposed to Wander about but if you have mobility issues just wondering about is difficult. Staff said that I should have seen the video about how the site was constructed and known that I would have to walk up a lot of stairs to get to the second floor and that there isn’t an elevator. if I had understood  these Limitations I would have never chosen to go to this  attraction. The attraction had gotten such good reviews I thought that it would Be a great place to visit. It was a lot of money for something that I didn’t enjoy very much. Customer service from the employees was also very poor. I thought that the site had a restaurant but it just had a snack bar and the snacks were extremely overpriced. About four or five times the regular price. Teenagers and little kids seem to like this attraction a lot But it isn’t good at all for Seniors, people with mobility issues or people with disabilities.

Is it some or all: Art gallery, art exhibition, interactive art, sensory overload, thought provoking, cartoonish, ghoulish, futuristic, childish, flashback style from the old hallucinations, abstract, concrete, etc.   The coolest thing I’ve participated in so long.This is the reason to visit Santa Fe.

I was so excited to visit this immersive art exhibit but we were pretty disappointed. Some areas were really neat but I think it was NOT worth the $45 per person we paid. My sister summed it up as a glorified fun house for kids which there were a lot of kids running around everyehere!! There are some very creative areas and music displays which you can play but I think it may have been a lot more fun if we had had some drinks or a "buzz" before going!! I had been looking forward to attending for the last few years and since we were only in our early 60's and NOT 65  they wouldn't give us the senior discount!! Save your money and just watch the videos on YouTube that other people have posted!!!

There were way too many people in a dark, dizzying, confusing and crowded place. During a pandemic, it was not a good place to be hanging out a touching things that unfortunately didn't even work. There were a couple of interesting exhibits  like the glow trees and the musical dinosaur bones. 4 of us visited. One adult and one child left feeling dizzy, nauseous and claustrophobic.  One adult  and one child left saying "kind of interesting but I would never go again."We stayed 40 minutes and I wished it wasn't recommended for us to go initially. It wasn't worth the money.

This is a real-life mash-up of Alice in Wonderland, Myst (the 90’s computer game), a missing person procedural (without the dead body), and an immersive art installation. We begin at the familiar. Enter into an old, drab Victorian house with family pictures on the walls, bedrooms, workspaces, a sitting room, a kitchen…We explore and investigate things: opening the furniture drawers, scan through the books and notebooks, read the opened letters in the front mailbox, click through the working desktop computer. Your curiosity is piqued. You discover entrances to numerous portals: inside the kitchen refrigerator, behind the sitting room fireplace, through a bedroom closet door, in the washing machine… By entering a portal, you are transported into another dimension, one of bright colors, inanimate fantasy creatures large and small, and mysterious contraptions built for unexplained purposes. Every corner you turn brings another discovery involving unusual instruments to play on, dioramas to marvel, and various things to experience.There is a storyline to unravel. You can peel away at the layers of clues to reveal the story onion or you can just engage in the discovery of a seemingly endless parade of things to view, interact with or enjoy. Or just see if it’s possible to examine every nook and cranny without missing some astounding new display you had no idea could exist. Whatever you are compelled to do, you leave having been astonished and inspired by all the creative planning and production. By the end, you feel like you had some hallucinatory drug trip (without the negative side effects). Great fun for all age levels. Wow.

The art was interesting but there were too many people even with reductions for Covid, and you have to wait outside in the heat with little shade.  Don’t go if you are claustrophobic!  Many parts of it had little space and/or required you to get in a small space to view. I took a few steps on a spiral staircase and that was it for me.  I waited for my family in the lobby after that.  Only lasted about 15 minutes so saw very little of it.  If I knew about that ahead of time I wouldn’t have bought tickets.

it's so crowded. We had to wear masks because I went with my grandkids and their parents and one of the grandkids were too young to have gotten the COVID booster yet. It's a mishmash of nonsensical art and hidden passageways with some storyline that ties everything together If you wanna be in there for three hours. I'll never go back I'd rather just stay home and smoke some pot. The volume everywhere was way too loud.

Absolutely amazing experience - we were reluctant to go but, had heard so much about it we made reservations.  It's best to prebook on line and to get there about 15 minutes before your time is scheduled.  It's magical, mystical and memorable it allows you to escape the outside world and just BE.  Go for a few hours walk around and explore hidden escapes or try and answer the puzzles.  This is great not just for kids but, adults as well and unforgettable. 

We had no context for this experience and I wish I would have done more research ahead of time to understand there was a mystery to solve or to just enjoy the experience and not worry about solving anything. But wait!!!   This is the job of Meow Wolf and staff to give a short, even a 30 second orientation which would have made all the difference—-but no, there was absolutely no introduction, zero context  to this experience. It was crowded, we never saw even one staff person inside the “ house” during our 2 hours there. I’ve done plenty of escape rooms and this was like an escape room on steroids but without anyone giving context. So you wander around aimlessly feeling like everyone else knows what’s going on except you. It was so crowded so it was not possible to be interactive.  It was more like a creepy clown fun house that could have easily been so much better.

Every year my (32 year old) and my mother (62 year old) go on a mother daughter vacation. We decided to visit Meow Wolf on a whim after arriving in Santa Fe in the evening. Truly an amazing contemporary art experience. We only briefly focused on mystery/escape room aspect of the exhibit and instead chose to treat the experience as an immersive opportunity. It was one of the highlights of our trip! Don’t try to “understand” or categorize, and don’t ask staff to explain, just exist and interact with the space. We went during the off season and it was busy, but not crowded. If you’re visiting on the weekend or in the summer, I would highly suggest visiting early morning to avoid crowds. Having some space and, at times, silence makes the experience much more meaningful. Middle aged and older folks,  don’t let reviews from folks who have to define everything keep you from experiencing an amazingly creative space that will take you back to a place of wonder and amazement!

Very unique and fun family experience.  We purchased our tickets ahead of time and entry was very organized (we loved the sidewalk chalk to keep us busy)!I found the story/mystery hard to follow.  There were so many people and we weren't quite sure what we were looking for in terms of the clues.  We quickly abandoned that and just explored and enjoyed.With older teens - 90 minutes was sufficient to see everything.

Attended in late June with my adult family of four.  It was one of the TTD selected by the family. Wasn't sure what to expect, but had tempered expectations because there was a 'Meow' in the tittle (I know, I know that's very felineophobic). Anyway, I was hoping for the best because I really like colorful things. I am sort of like a bug to a blue light in that regard. That desire was certainly fulfilled but, alas, I left unimpressed and somewhat confused about what I had just seen. It was like a splatter artist got together with an amateur supernaturalist and just presented their entire brainstorming session. If the interactive component had been a little more identifiable and immersive I may have gotten more out of it. I was too big (tall) and inflexible for many of the experiences(?) and portals and never was really able to follow the story (or even discover where to be updated). Even the younger adults (late 20's) that 'picked' the activity were only marginally impressed. On the drive back to the hotel we all concluded that a modicum of continuity might have made the experience more meaningful. I did like the underwater area though; definitely my highlight. BTW, the girl with the bull horn definitely did not want to be there that day.

The good: immersive experience, very interesting art, unlike anything we'd experienced, fun to find the different "rooms," easy to spend 2-3 hrs there.The not so good: very crowded, could not easily read the very long clues (more of an exploration than a storyline) when so many people also needed access.Things to know: parking can be far with no cross walks, bring money for lockers to store stuff, one of our group is sensitive to lights but had no trouble here, some crouching but we did not need to crawl.

No matter what I say or how many photos I post can give a person a real appreciation of the Meow Wolf experience. Apparently 150 artists plus many helpers let their imagination run wild with colors , themes and lights. There are unusual staircases , doors where there shouldn't be doors , rooms that are not quite normal and smiles and amazements at each new discovery. Every time my wife and I thought we had seen everything we found something new. We walked in

Bring an open mind and your inner child to fully enjoy this trippy interactive art space. My friend and I love all kinds of art and spent quite a while here. My favorite area was a domed room you have to crawl inside to view randomly lighting amphibian and reptile eyes. There is also a room with a laser harp you can play.

This was fun and fascinating for all ages in our group.  We went with our daughter and her 2 children, ages 8 and 12.  We spent 2 hours here and could have stayed longer but we were tired, hot and hungry.  They time entries but not exits so we began to feel it was becoming too crowded by the time we left.  The "portals" to other worlds were fascinating and the creativity of the artists who designed and implemented the different worlds were beyond my imagination.  The mystery of figuring out what happened in this house is also very clever - although we are not sure we got it right!

My husband and I were looking for something to do in Santa Fe and came across Meow Wolf. It was really weird but was also a cool experience. There were things hidden behind doors and in drawers. Next time Id like to do the mystery but then after that I probably wouldn’t choose to go back. My husband and I both got the 3d glasses which didn’t do much so I wouldn’t recommend spending the extra dollar on those.

We visited here on a Friday night. I checked on  their website while waiting in line to get in, there were tickets available in several time slots, but it was crowed inside. It was fun, but it might be a better experience if there was less people there. We bought their glasses, you can get 3D images for some of the arts. I looked at a couple of arts with and without the glasses , and saw the differences, but I am not sure if it's true for all the displays. I did see  a lot of people who didn't wear the glass.  It's an unique experience and on the pricey side, once is enough for me.

Disappointed in this experience.  Seemed cheap, over hyped, and really a waste of good time that could have been spent doing dozens of other amazing things in the beautiful city of Santa Fe.  Also, I wouldn’t go to this if unvaccinated…everything is “touch, close quarters, and could be pretty risky.  I have never left a negative review, but couldn’t get into MeowWolf at all.  It was a let down.

I'm not entirely sure that I understood all of the exhibits, but it was definitely a one-of-a-kind experience.  It's honestly hard to describe because everything is so unique, even from one room to another within the installation.  I think it is definitely something everyone should experience at least once.  A lot of the art installations are interactive to some degree, so it is also a great experience for kids.  Some of the spaces can be a little tight, and there are multiple exhibits that require you to walk up stairs or crawl into smaller openings.  If you have a disability that limits your movement or just have joint problems, this might not be for you.  That said, I'm a bigger guy and was able to get in and out of all the exhibits.  It did start to get pretty crowded by the time we finished, so I would urge you to book your tickets for the very first time slot to fully experience everything and enjoy it.

Meow Wolf was a good way to spend a couple hours while we were in Santa Fe. We had a 5 month old baby we couldn’t bring because no strollers were allowed inside but we did see many couples holding their baby’s. The exhibit was so much fun but after 90 minutes the adults in the group started to feel a bit mentally tired (Meow Wolf is a lot of mental stimulations with all the different things to see). The 6 year old in our group was completely fine and did not want to leave. She loved it 😄

I've been here a number of times for shows and, honestly, I have never had a good time at a concert there.  The venue itself is terrible for music, cramped and hard to see the stage.  There is usually an inexplicable "icky" vibe that is hard to put a finger on.  Last time I was there for what should have ben a beautiful and chill country/folky show, staff was rude, security was aggressive, and there was a contingent of over-served bros creeping up on people and making a ruckus.  (Oh but, security was busy yelling at other people for unimportant things rather than taking care of them).  It was odd and uncomfortable.  I have come to really hate this place.

This place in short is brain candy.  So many bright colors and shiny objects to draw your attention.   We really enjoyed the interaction.  We were confused if this exhibit also included a mystery to solve.  Was there?  We seen some people running around with 3D glasses, the staff didn't offer any to us.  Where these needed?  We both enjoyed it and would recommend.  We went on a Monday evening around 5 pm.  Still pretty crowded with peeps.  

Over priced for what it is. The exhibit is not what I would call art or fun.  It’s a big house in a building with a bunch of kids running around in an outdated multi floor building with multicolored lights made out of a bunch of old yard sale items.

We had a great time at Meow Wolf. Two adults and our five year old son, who is particularly active and inquisitive. It was a bit crowded on a Sunday morning - it looked like the crowds were dissipating a bit when we left around 1:30pm - if I had to do it over again, I would have booked us tickets for later in the day. The art is very interesting, and the storyline is worth following to understand how everything fits together. I had read up a little bit on it, so I felt like I understood the gist from the beginning - whereas my husband had not, and I had to explain a lot to him :/  The extent to which they have produced material to support that storyline is impressive. I’m not sure that I would go to the same location a second time, but if I find myself in another city where they have an installation I would happily check it out.

What a fun time . We choose to go earlier in the day 11am while we still had lots of energy. Go with an open mind and know that you can see this exhibit at two levels. One, How did this family disappear look for the many clues OR just look at the work ,from so many artists ,at face value. A fun time time and don’t worry if at first you get bunched up with a lot of people it thins out as people disperse, suggestion have your QR Reader at the ready when you get to the mailbox  to first look for clues this way you can look for clues on your own without having to wait 

Very trippy, well thought out diversion. There is a theme and solvable mystery running through the weird and disconnected rooms and passageways that shift from crazy, cozy to a little disturbing. You don't feel the need to solve anything though. It is really fun to explore every nook and cranny (even drawers and passageways through refrigerators). You might be in a spaceship in one room and crawl through a fireplace and end up in someone's living room or a treehouse outside at night. I can't say enough about it. I recommend the extra $2 for the glasses (they make things pop in 3D).The level of detail and amount of stuff they have crammed in there makes it so that you need to backtrack and finds things you missed on your first walk through.I hear that there are only three of these venues throughout the United States and it is no surprise they are in states with legalized recreational marijuana.

Unique, entertaining and interesting! We are seniors, yet we found this attraction to be fun and interesting! Strongly recommend you not go on a busy day  (weekend). You move through the facility at your pace (as allowed by the volume of visitors) and may spend as much time as you like in the various rooms. Free parking. Kids about 6 and older would really enjoy this attraction, I think. You feel that you are nearing “sensory overload” at times, especially immediately after entering. Worth the price! A “different” type of entertainment! This attraction reflects a great amount of creativity.

We were visiting Santa Fe with two teens (15 & 13) who weren't really into the museums or galleries.  This was the perfect thing to do with them.  It's a very unique and cool experience.  We partly tried to follow/solve the story but mainly just enjoyed exploring all the cool rooms and interactive features.  We visited over spring break so it was busy.  We had the first time slot, 10am, and by the time we left at 11:30am it was pretty busy.  I highly recommend getting the first entry so you can discover things on your own before it gets too overrun (and people start leaving hidden doors open, etc which detracts from the fun).

Unique experience to say the least. Follow clues around a 70 room house to solve the mystery. Walk thru hidden passages while you appreciate the artwork in this hands on museum. 3D, black lights, fog machines. Crowded on weekends. Leave children at home or supervise them carefully as it is easy to get separated from your group because of the maze like environment. Allow at least 2 hours.

Meow Wolf is an interesting place to visit, very unique.  We went at a busy time so it was extremely crouded so we weren't able to truly take it all in or participate in the 'mystery' of it all.  If you choose to go, I suggest that you don't go on a weekend or holiday.

Really fun exhibit, so much to see.  Wish I had read some of the hints beforehand as to not miss anything; I would recommend experiencing it first, then stopping in the cafe to read up about it, then going back to catch things you had missed.  Treasure hunts and secret rooms were great.  Fun for the whole family

Loved the quirkiness and randomness of this interactive art installation. If you have between 1-2 hours and looking for something fun it’s def worth the trip. It’s a sensory overload experience of color, texture, context and sound.  Probably enhanced on gummies. ; )

We visited with a group of 8 friends, all seniors. The young man behind our hotel desk highly recommended it. Obviously many people liked it because the place was crowded on a weekday, but we all hated it. We told an employee we were lost and confused. He said that’s how we should feel. No one told us there was a story to figure out. It is a huge mass of strange, crazy, unnatural, rooms of odd irregular size and shapes. We bought tickets online ($37 for seniors!). As we walked in a man on his way out told us “don’t waste your money!  He was absolutely right.

I was so excited to visit after it has been hyped up by friends for so long. The experience was underwhelming and totally overpriced. It was absolutely packed with families (didn’t know this was their demographic for interdimensional/psychedelic experiences?) and how crowded it was made it hard to enjoy the exhibits. It felt dirty, worn out, and gimmicky. The gift shop is full of low quality trinkets and we paid nearly $20 for a margarita. Staff are unfriendly and the whole place has sold out.

We knew a little of what to expect since we had read up on Meow Wolf, but still, what a blast! We couldn't believe the planning and creativity that had gone into all the exhibits and the intricate story line. We were having so much fun we couldn't bother to try to figure out the mystery. What I especially appreciated was there covid policy. Staff made sure everyone was masked and there was plenty of wipes and hand sanitizer throughout the building. Totally recommend this extraordinary experience. 

Absolutely incredible venue. Especially to watch some live music. We had such a great time exploring all the different rooms it was so unique. Be sure to get the $2 3d glasses at the front desk. The performance was very intimate and it was our favorite artist Clozee so just all around one of the best nights out we have ever had. Thank you Meow Wolf!

Surreal, trippy, almost hallucinogenic artistic displays layered over top of an elaborate sprawling house. Very abstract, I especially liked the random hallways that spun out the back of objects-like a fridge or fireplace.  Gift shop was fun and full of weird stuff.  Would revisit and, if my son could, he would go to the Las Vegas location as well.  We went as a family-youngest was 10, oldest in their 40's.  I do not think I would have taken our children when they were young.  Some ducking/climbing/crawling opportunities available but easily worked around if unable to perform.

I've been lucky enough to have been to the other Meow Wolf locations already, and my trip to New Mexico was specifically to check out the original in Santa Fe. And every time I read the bad reviews on here by others I just feel sad for them, because it's such a wonderfully unique experience. And also hard to explain. It's definitely a little smaller than the others, but by no means small. Lots to see and do, plan a minimum of 90 minutes for the experience. We had tickets in advance and the line to get in moved quickly. It was crowded, which can hamper the experience while trying to move around some of the tight spaces. So if there are off-hours try to go then. The story portion seems to be limited to the first areas. I didn't engage with any of it this time and it didn't detract from anything. If you're in the area you simply must go.

I confess others in my group found this much more enjoyable than I.  It is definitely unique and the creativity to design and construct this is very impressive.  It is an activity in which you could spend many hours and not see everything and at least 2 hours are needed to see the key features.  However, unless really drawn to it, it starts getting tiring after 2 hours.

Try to be some of the first one's in ... SO much fun before too many others show up.  The artists represented (like over 200) took us on a cleverly crafted excursion through some warped mind-bending scenes.  We enjoyed ourselves on this date with other worlds and each other.

This is an incredibly unique and popular place. Not all of it is art to me, but it was all awesome. It’s art gallery meets fun house meet avant-garde art meets please touch museum atmosphere. The fun bits are walking through a real refrigerator or fireplace or wash machine to another dimension; playing woolly mammoth rib bones and sea shells as music. There’s a tree house. 3D pieces with neon painted items.It’s sensory overload…I think in a good way.

Amazing, interactive story! The place is enchanting, the staff very helpful and friendly, the story well written and evocative. My only complaint - and the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is that there should be a lower limit on how many people are allowed in at once.There was a part of the story puzzle we couldn't figure out because people kept running up and changing it.There were multiple times we had to stop and wait because the walkway/staircase was very narrow and there were so many people.Parts of the story are in books and such...and that is a one person at a time thing. Very hard to do with 100s of people in the exhibit.Not everyone lives close by and can come back repeatedly to get the parts they couldn't get before. We paid for reservations,  but others were allowed in without them. All of the overcrowding detracted from the experience. We would definitely visit again (or another location) if limitations on bodies allowed in at a time were better applied.

Meow Wolf provides a fun and interactive experience in which you explore worlds within worlds of art and entertainment that play to most of your senses. The beauty about Meow Wolf is that you can have your own experience. Spend as little or as much time as your desire exploring all that it has to offer. 

Well, we didn’t know what to expect but found out that we needed to expect the unexpected!  This attraction is a conglomeration of artistic ideas of many artists in an interactive setting. You will experience so many visual and auditory projects and settings. There is a story line to follow if you choose. We climbed, squeezed through openings and slid down a few things as we went through this place. It was interesting and fun. There were all age ranges inside. We are in our seventies and had a good time.

We went on a 3 day weekend, so it was crowded. Someone told us to get our tickets online, which was great advice!  It was certainly a nonlinear experience, but very unique! The "story" started in California, which took away from being in Santa Fe. Many of the "rooms" had funky (moldy) odors that made me sneeze.Nevertheless, we had a blast!

Going to House of Eternal Return is one of the coolest things I've ever done! We planned this trip for my partner's birthday, but we also have a 1-year-old, so we were hopeful that we'd be able to enjoy the experience while she was with us. We couldn't have been more happy with our experience! There was so much to enjoy as adults, but it was also a kid-friendly experience, so we were really able to enjoy family time while appreciating the artistry within the installation. We were in awe of the creativity and innovation that went into creating House of Eternal Return, and we're already talking about coming back sans baby so that we have more time to explore the mystery of the house. There is truly something for everyone here!

I would rate this experience at 3.5 if I could.  TA runs from "average" to "very good."  What happened to "good"?  My husband and I (seniors) found this place interesting, weird and cool.  Sort of like an old hippie "trip."  Like many I saw wondering around, I wish we would have had a better idea of how to approach it.   People would stop me and ask what was going on.....is there a game...how to find out about it, etc.  even though at least we were somewhat aware by the confirmation e mail.   We had a long day of activities before coming here and thought we would have enjoyed it more if we weren't tired.However, we did NOT experience the crowding and too many kids I see others mentioned.  Maybe we were just lucky.  Too much crowding and running, yelling kids would have sent me over the edge.  I did not mind the price but would have felt ripped off if it were overly crowded and felt covid unsafe as others have mentioned.

Meow Wolf. A revisit to the past and a visit to the future. It is amazing, fascinating, and luxurious. This place puts Disney to shame. I never cared for the World or the Land. Meow Wolf is the reflection of the highest percentage of the American public. This stuff is US, ME, and YOU. It is stimulating and fascinating. It is an electrical fantasy: An eclectic, eccentric, and fantastic walk through Americana. You are transported from the front porch to the AirStream experience, to the high-flying dreams and aspirations of a child. You get it all in a three hour whirl, swirl, and tumble through the eyes and imagination of a fellow humanitarian. It is an amazing ride. I lost my debit card in the midst of it all while trying to share this magical experience with my granddaughters through photos. Someone found it and returned it! My heart sang a grateful song! What a great ride through a magical wonderland that is still somehow real. I’d go again and again and again. 

There is so much to see and do here, it will completely blow you away. It’s not your traditional artists collective. It’s an immersive story that you experience firsthand. You will walk, crawl, climb, and backtrack as you put together clues of what happened in this house. Take your time and look at everything. Everything. If there is a hole look in it. See a door, open it. If there is a piece of paper read it. If there is a button, press it. You won’t be disappointed! Take your time and don’t rush. 3 hours went by fast!

This is an experiential art show.  Scores of interconnected rooms with dazzling displays of quirky art, much of which guests are encouraged to touch, open doors and drawers, crawl through tunnels, step through backless refrigerators and closets, etc.Lots of neon and Day Glo.  Don't be surprised to catch a whiff of, well, take a guess.

Second trip to Meow Wolf Santa Fe. The first time I was there in 2018 it wasn't nearly as crowded as it was in July 2021. To "experience" it, you really need the opportunity to settle in and read things as well as interact with the various elements. When there are dozens of people queued up at each such area, it's a Disney-esque experience that's just impossible to get into. In the end, you have two options: (1)  take your time, create a bottleneck and feel like a jerk, or (2) choose to experience just the aesthetics as a casual observer and leave feeling like you rushed through everything.

This is an absolutely amazing experience and I highly recommend. However, I tried to come a second time while in Santa Fe and they were closed for a private event. This was not posted on their website or social media. I even called up ahead of time about ticket but they didn't answer. I was not the only one that showed up and was turned away for this private event. It would be helpful if this was communicated better as people like me come from other states to see meow wolf. 

Make sure to make a reservation.  You enter a house and then explore the many different universes that can be accessed from the house.  If you spend enough time, I think you could figure out the whole story about the family that lives in the house and where they explored in the alternate universes.  In a way it reminds me of the old computer games Myst and Riven.

We didn’t quite know what to expect but I’m so happy we went! This place is amazing - a real feast for the senses - imaginative and fun interactive art installations. There are also intriguing clues to solve a puzzle as you explore, which is clever because there’s no “right way” to explore the space. It’s such fun to discover secret passages, surprises in cupboards etc.

It was ok, and we appreciated  the efforts of the artists. The story wasn’t difficult to understand , but very hard to literally follow in the house. We could understand the whole multiverse idea, but we ended  up looking at rooms and saying “ cool ,” then just walking out with the a crowd of people to the next room and so on. It’s overpriced, like the magnets at the gift shop that are $10. I hope the artists have reaped the benefits of the prices.

Was so excited for this! We’ve literally been dreaming of this place all through quarantine. As soon as they opened I planned a whole vacation around it. We walk in and EVERYTHING is stripped down. A lot of the art was taken down. Understandable I suppose with Covid. But then everything was broken too. Straight up “no internet connection” on portals bramuda exhibits. Musical pipes didn’t work, (they were breaking down last time I took my kids) tv screens in the hall didn’t work. My kids were excited to look in the toilet and see lex and that was not working. QR codes were kinda okay, if I could get them to load. Which took forever. The shop had NONE of the artists art (Almost the whole point to visiting) just the meow wolf merch. Idk, This visit was lame. Why add rooms when you guys can’t upkeep or fix what was there? Maybe replace those? Honestly this was a waste of money and kinda ruined meow wolf for me.

We enjoyed it! It's like nothing you've done before. The kids we saw there were all having a great time! There's so many hidden doorways and such that it was a lot of fun! Open any cupboards or doors you see, because you never know where they'll lead. I attempted to take a book off of a bookshelf (just to see if it was a real book), and the whole bookshelf opened to another room!!It's interactive, meaning you can touch things and make them make music or make the bright colors swirl around you. Parts of it were truly amazing!We got the 3-D glasses, but we didn't feel that they were necessary or even helpful. Fortunately they were only .92 each, so no big deal.

After backpacking in CO for four days, we decided to finish off our vacation with some southwestern urban jungle. Meow Wolf was part of that experience. My four children range from 13 to 5, and we spent 3 hours meandering, wandering, and wondering in this crazy fun world. Sensory overload! Finished up with tasty coffees and italian sodas. Definitely recommend the activity for the young and young at heart, and anyone with a bend towards the creative and eccentric.

While the outside looks like an unassuming warehouse, Meow Wolf was an amazing experience.  As you walk in it looks like you are ready to go to a standard play house, or maybe bowling.  But right as you enter the door to the front porch of the house, you enter a different world. Each area inside the art museum was very interesting and enthralling.  Our young children really enjoyed walking (and rewalking) through each area - in and out the fireplace and the refrigerator.  If you are not with young kids, there is a puzzle to be solved through the whole museum starting at the mailbox.  At the entrance / exit there is a cafeteria and bar for sitting, but you cannot take food or drinks inside. Be aware - they do not let you bring bags or drinks into the museum.  You need to rent a locker for anything (purses, etc.).   This included diaper bags and bottles for us - those need to stay outside.Highly recommend booking a reserved time slot ahead online.

If you like black lights and neon paint in dark rooms full of people, this is right up your alley. Really kitschy. Way overpriced for what was offered. Parking was a pain. Called it quits 20 minutes after entering. I have no idea why the ratings are so high. Save your money and time and go somewhere else.

This was a peculiar place and we have never seen something like this before. It had some nice and unique exhibits it was like we were going in some mystic place.We were told to solve a puzzle which has got no right or no answer. There were also no guidance to say if we are doing it right or wrong. Furthermore, the place was too crowded and at times, you are just dont what you are doing and where you are going.They could have better organise it by having a guided tour or limit no. of pax and provide clearer instructions for better experience.

Writing this review mostly because I didn’t see many reviews mentioning kids. We visited with our 5 and 7 year olds and had an absolute blast! There were younger kids than ours there the day we visited, but personally, I think 4 or 5 years old is about the youngest I’d want to bring. Be sure to read their website about diaper bags/strollers and stash a bandaid or two in your pocket just in case. I brought a belt bag inside for essentials. The staff was very welcoming to us and they have you write your phone number on your kids’ wristbands in case you’re separated. They make a very big deal about always keeping your kids in the same room as you. That part made me nervous but honestly it wasn’t that hard. There is a nice big restroom right when you walk in, that was our first stop before entering the exhibit. We got tickets for the second group (10:20am) and had a big breakfast before we went so as to power through until a late lunch. No need to worry about arriving more than 10-15 mins before your ticket time. The timed groups are relatively small, we were near the end of our ticket time line but it didn’t take long at all to get checked in. Final note, I was really surprised that our kids got into the “mystery” as much as they did. In particular the missing hamster was a very exciting chase for them!

Was kind of like walking through someone's acid trip.  We were expecting more of a hands on experience, but there were few hands on gadgets.  I was very engaged with exploring the "house."  Going through all the rooms, traveling through the washing machine, refrigerator, closet and even underwater was a lot of fun.  Very creative, has a lot of potential if they had more hands on activities.  The videos were a bit long and boring.  There were rooms with a lot of color, lights and creative artistic displays with buttons that did not produce anything when pressed.  Visitors enter and find their way through the museum.  Someone suggested there are clues throughout the visit in order to figure out the mystery of the house.  We didn't meet up with anyone who found anything.  Staff did not suggest that this was the case, so maybe a waste of time searching through drawers and bookshelves.  My husband didn't like it at all, we thought it was a bit overpriced.

I went in not knowing what to expect, but what I found was an entirely absorbing interactive environment with a story behind it, and there are clues all throughout the space to give you insight into what exactly that story is.  Part of wishes I could have had the place all to myself to spend time going through it all.  There is so much attention to detail and some visually stunning elements in the space.

It was very busy here with too much contact with others. It was shoulder to shoulder at time just to make it thru..... as far as the art it is overrated and kind of boring !!!   It says spend 2 hrs here..ha ! we had a group of 5 people who were finished with in 30 minutes.  

If you're looking for a weird and very interesting place to take your family,  this is it. It's an interactive art installation and it's a whole lot of fun.  Be prepared to pay a lot though, unless you are a New Mexico resident.  

One of the coolest places on earth. This informative interactive spot will be on our visit list whenever we are close enough to drive to one. My family enjoyed our vist to this place emensely. Give your self plenty of time because when you think you have seen it all you will find another section that was hidden or a passage that you missed.

Being for out of town is a downside to meow wolf. The cost of tickets for locals is only $25 per adult and kids tickets are $15, however if you are from out of state the cost is $42 per adult and kids tickets are $30. Other than the price this place was very cool. Lots of hidden things and it is very easy to spend a few hours just looking around for secret passages.

I really have no idea what to say about Meow Wolf... I still don't even know what it is. 😂 lt was like a cross between the City Museum in St. Louis, an escape room, and an art exhibit. I don't really know… I was very curious about it, but I don’t feel like it was worth the money.We were so overwhelmed (this trip was all adults, no kids) …we didn’t even attempt to figure out the mystery.

Wow! Just...WOW!!!!  So, to preface: my friends and I were on a road trip with one of our goals to visit all of the Meow Wolf locations and House of Eternal Return was our first stop. I purposefully tried to keep myself in the dark as it was my first time visiting and I am so glad I did!   As soon as we entered and first saw the house, I felt this sense of wonder just come over me. We entered and quickly saw that there was a way to crawl through the fireplace which we did and when we got up my eyes were filled with amazement! We had entered this big colorful cavern with the bones of some ancient beast hanging above (which we learned could be played like an instrument). I honestly can't even describe the joy we felt exploring the house and all the spaces and rooms connected to it. It was super immersive and filled with incredible artistry. We had so much fun piecing the story behind the house together and had lots of amazing moments. My friend and I even got to dance with an interdimensional creature! We stayed for around 3 hours and enjoyed every second of it. I highly, highly recommend this to anyone! Be sure to check out the gift shop on your way out as well!    Thank you so much to Meow Wolf and all of the artists that contributed to this masterpiece of an experience! I can't wait to come back and experience the house again!

We visited  The House of Eternal Return in Santa Fe, New Mexico. We spent 2 hours exploring the hundreds of immersive, mind bending, psychedelic art exhibits we thought that were done but we keep on finding hidden rooms and staircase. It was a lot of fun. You need to purchase tickets online ahead of time.

The artists who developed this sort of interior theme park must have been apprenticing for managing Burning Man. You open a refrigerator and climb in to get to the next room in a very odd house.  Closets lead to further rooms, you exit through the fireplace and in between you are astonished by the creativity and actions you can take.  For example, there is a massive dinosaur skeleton - you play music on its rib cage by striking each rib with a baton. Kids and adults love it

it is hard to explain this place and can only say that it is worth a visit if you have time and you will be exposed to alot of unusual creativity. The folks in line in front of us had been there before and told us it is best appreciated if one has had a few drinks or other things before visiting the place. It is a unique experience for sure. 

Teenage daughters said this was far and away the highlight of our family trip to New Mexico.  This was a sensory experience unlike anything I have ever had before.  Words seem inadequate to describe it.  Around every corner was a new 'room' completely different from the next.  There is no 'path' through it, so you are constantly discovering something new. Nothing scary or inappropriate for young children.  Snack bar in house to take a breather before going back inside. Tickets aren't cheap but the experience is worth it.  Purchase ahead of time as they often sell out.

Visited with my 11 year old son and we had a great time. We spent a few hours exploring and looking for all the hidden rooms and entry ways. We both thought the experience was very cool. We saw people of all ages enjoying themselves so I think it has something for everyone. There is a story/mystery that goes along with it if you have a smartphone and scan the QR codes throughout the exhibit. We started doing it, but stopped because we really ended up just having more fun exploring everything and making up our own story for what it all meant. You can tell a lot of time and effort was spent designing this place. Very cool sounds and music throughout as well.

My partner and I recently visited and we both loved the place.  We went in the evening on an adults only night and it was a good experience - definitely did not feel too crowded.  If you are COVID cautious, as I am, you can wear a mask and enjoy the experience.   The amount of detail and effort that has gone into creating this place is truly impressive.  There are almost no words to describe it !   An amazing sensory explosion.

Maybe it's due to my personality characteristics,  but the experience was frustrating - I felt that I walked into chaos and could only look around.  Although we asked a few staff members what we were supposed to do or how to approach the experience, we got general answers that didn't help us much.  We did learn that there was a mystery you could solve, but we couldn't solve it.  You can do Meow Wolf without trying to solve the mystery.In hindsight,  the clues to the mystery seem to be only in the house portion of the experience, I guess.  Also, too many people, and we went during the day on a weekday.Recommendations:1) Go in knowing more about this or2) Don't expect anything in particular

Just spend the couple of extra bucks when you order tickets to get the 3D glasses. I don't know why they don't come standard with your ticket, but we were there for more than three hours enjoying every inch of this creative space with hundreds of other people and only a very few had the 3D shades. Some people asked us where we got them and what they did for our experience, and we tried to explain, but you just don't get the full experience without them. I told one girl that she can still get some of the experience if she took a bunch of photos and went back and look at them later with 3D glasses! There's one room specifically that really is not worth hanging around at all unless you have them. The colors change and reveal things that only the glasses can help you see! We loved it obviously - had we not been hungry, we would've stayed even longer.  

Upon entering we were optimistic that the experience would be enjoyable but it wasn’t long before our party of 3 adults wanted out.  The “Art” was not to our taste.  We left confused by the poorly executed efforts to present the experience as a story line.  

We found this experience to be very entertaining!  We were looking for something “different” to do while visiting New Mexico and stumbled upon this place.  It was priced a little higher than I’d have expected but was a very cool exhibit to explore.  There were so many rooms to experience and explore, refrigerators to walk through, a dryer to slide down through, and so many colors and shapes.  It seems like a “Cat in the Hat” meets Picasso world.  Here your imagination can run wild as you explore the twists and turns of the house and other rooms within.  This is an amazing experience to for the whole family, our teenagers were also impressed!  We spent roughly 2.5 hours there and really enjoyed it!  Look forward to visiting again next time we’re out that way.

This place is super cool, it’s so hard to describe! It’s a museum/exhibit/venue….and just this really quirky place where really creative artists have come together with some weird and bizarre ideas. I’ve never seen anything like it. The gift shop is really fun too.

Our family of 4 recently had the opportunity to experience Meow Wolf.  We were unsure of what to expect, went in with an open mind, and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Plan on spending about 2 hours and best to go at an off hour to enjoy it without the crowds.  We went on a Friday afternoon @ 3pm and felt the crowds were manageable.

Perhaps it was the crowds or my mood but this just didn't  connect for me. It felt chaotic and shallow. I'm  sure the rooms were given a great deal of thought by the artists and I should have done some preparation before entering but after about 20 minutes, my husband and I agreed we had had enough.

I have been dreaming of visiting this place since it was announced aged ago and it didn’t disappoint. In a world where so many experiences are generic and replicated, Meow Wolf’s intimate DIY feel is refreshing. After the pandemic it is nice to be connected to humans again both in person and through their art. Be ready to explore and embrace getting lost. Dig into the story, the more you put into your visit the more you will get out of it. Yes, bring your reading glasses!

We almost didn’t go because i read mixed reviews online.  However, I’m so glad we finally decided to give  Meow Wolf a try.  It was a creative, interactive,  artistic  adventure unlike anything I’ve experienced before.  Our two boys (11 and 13) were not excited about it beforehand-let’s face it, nothing beyond  outdoor adventures and gaming generally excites them these days.  However, they thanked us for taking them and talked about Meow Wolf long after we left.  Well done!  Note:   I also don’t write reviews often but  wanted to share our positive experience.

My family went to see this in Santa Fe on a Friday early evening.  I was thinking we had to go see this to experience & appreciate the art, but it was more like an escape room activity.  We spent 1.5 hours exploring the different rooms among the other people.  As our adult son stated, we can cross that off the list now & don't need to go back.

I am glad that I read the reviews before going for one major reason. The advice in the properly written reviews was quite helpful. Specifically, being in the first group of the day is quite nice. For the first hour, you've got a little easier time getting around the place. The rooms have lots of detail and it is nice to not be crowded. And I am not even talking about the whole social distancing thing. I mean forever, this is a good idea, to thoroughly enjoy this place. Because of this, I would actually like to see Meow Wolf put a time limit on how long guests can stay. I think 2 hours is sufficient. They could easily track it with wrist bands of different colors depicting the time you gotta get out. Moving on.... there is no reason for anyone to review this place less than a 3. Every review of 1 or 2 stars you can simply ignore. And they don't really deserve a 3 either, but hey. Let's be reasonable. People gonna hate. It is unique. It is amazingly laid out in a welcoming sort of confusion. The peeps are all very cool and helpful. We opted to just explore and not try to figure out the whole mystery... although we did make some guesses. I am glad we went to the SF location. We may try Vegas after it has been open a while. We happened to drive past the Denver location, but did not have enough time to visit... but it looks awesome from the outside anyway! KEWL place. And I got an awesome mug.

OK...yes, this place, by design, is very strange. I think it's best to forget about any story, there's no one there to really tell you if you got it right or not. The clues require A LOT of reading. There were far too many people inside and far too many small children. There were some very interesting items inside this house, but, for me, once is enough

I'll never get the 12 hours round trip I spent driving from Denver to see this hodge-podge of "art" back.  If I had known how underwhelming it would be, I'd have waited and gone to the Denver installation, but man, did they sell this thing. I found exactly 5 things that were actually interactive, but maybe things were just broken on my visit?  For instance, why have "palm" pads by the space rooms if they don't even do anything?  12 doorknobs on a door and it doesn't actually open?  Videos you can't hear or concentrate on b/c of the sheer number of people rushing through?  Too many people, not enough direction, lame exhibits (used toothbrushes in frames, anyone?  Anyone?)  Most of the spaces just seemed like overwrought rooms  created mainly to take selfies.  None of it was cohesive as far as I could tell.  Listen, I like 'weird' as much as the next guy, but these contrived spaces bored me after about 30 minutes.  My 13 year old liked it though.  Seriously, if you're still interested, visit the one closest to you.  Gas is expensive, and apparently, so is disappointment.

I had been avoiding Meow Wolf because I didn't understand what it was and thought it was overpriced. I was very wrong. Just go! This place is amazing. I wish we had spent way more time and followed the story more, but we didn't have the time. Go when they open! It gets crowded quickly. We'll be visiting the Denver location next. 

Meow Wolf is indescribable. The various rooms are each designed by different artists and some are creepy and some are delightful. The whole premise is to solve a mystery of a family that disappears into another world in another dimension to keep it succint. Start by looking in the mail box of the house and you will have a cue at what this is all about. You can go through and try to solve the mystery by finding the clues or you can just wander and wonder. Spoiler- there is no answer to the mystery- just what you make of it in the end after gathering your evidence. It will take at least 2 hours.

My teen and tween are obsessed with Meow Wolf lore thanks to YouTube and we thought it would be fun to do a road trip and hit a couple of them. Our first stop was Santa Fe, where my daughter loved the aquarium room and took a million pictures. She had to find every secret door and portal, while my son was most excited about the dryer and the refrigerator. I was most impressed by the fact that I could enjoy it completely without knowing anything about the story and I was in awe of the art. It’s definitely something that can only be understood through experience! I was also really impressed with the staff, who were eager to help us figure out the best way to navigate. 

My kids who are both teens loved this place. You’ll spend a good 45 minutes or longer going through all the different rooms and I think it’s a good place for younger kids too. Not so much for adults and older people will have a hard time going through some of the entry ways to other rooms. It’s also loud as there are children running around and yelling . I was under the impression it was for adults, it’s difficulty not. More like a children’s museum.

Very unique and fun experience. Lots of rooms and almost a little overwhelming to choose which way to go. We spent like an hour and 15 minutes. My favorite was a washer slide into a neon room. I would definitely go early. We went at opening 10am and towards the end it was getting a bit crowded. You do need to crawl and crouch for certain things so be aware of that.

We did not know what to expect.  The name doesn't describe what we were about to see, but so many locals in the hospitality industry recommended this attraction.  The entry fees were enough to think about skipping, but why the high recommendations.It was worth it because it is a one-of-a-kind experience and physical plant, and my grandchildren never seemed so excited and curious.  To me it was never ending with surprises, yet I never took the time to understand the deeper meanings of how integrated all the rooms were to each other.Eventually I was weary from the rush of excitements and also by all the people exploring everything in sight, including the letters in the mailbox and newspapers on the table.  This attraction appeals to both the old and young.Go to this attraction.  You won't regret it.

It's hard to describe this experience, but it was really fun!  It's an interactive space which has a lot of different rooms, each designed by a different artist.  The imagination,  creativity, and talent displayed are incredible.  I found myself smiling almost continuously as my husband and I made our way through this ...art installation (?)  interactive gallery (?) - not sure what to call it, but don't hesitate to go!

Save your money. $45 is way, way too much for this experience. There is a sensory overload of random art. If you’ve been to the City Museum in St. Louis—this is not nearly as cool. Wish we had skipped it. Crowded and underwhelming.  I would not take little kids here, and even my teens thought it was ‘meh’.    Waited in line for 20 mins (even though we had pre-paid tickets) and spent an hour inside and then left.  Would have enjoyed the local skate park and plaza cruising much more. 

A good way to spend a couple of hours. Interactive art with a mystery to solve. We enjoyed it but before you take young children or elderly visitors be sure to research what it is and the amount of interaction it requires. There are bright lights, loud sounds and climbing and crawling. There is a nice bar/snack bar after you leave the exhibit.

Definitely an Instagram friendly spot. I think this would be more fun do as a couple or small group than solo, but it was still fun. There is some sort of puzzle to solve which I didn't do, but there was tons to explore even without that. Be sure to open every drawer, door, book, etc to access spaces, see cool stuff, and (if you want) solve the clues.

My husband and I were underwhelmed by this attraction in relation to the price of admission. The parking lot sculptures and lobby areas are more impressive (sophisticated) than the main attraction which is a "farmhouse" with surprising portals, colorful passageways, lights, and weird noises. Most of it was cheezy such as fake foliage with lights, spaceship-like rooms and things painted florescent. Oh, and a room full of shelves with things people throw-out after grandma dies. The hallways and passages are designed for random roaming, but I would have liked more guidance and management of flow vs. people milling around every which way. The plentifiul seating areas were appreciated. Suggest leaving younger chlldren at home as it seems easy for them to get lost in the chaos and potentially terrified.

Wow, what an experience!  I can't imagine how someone could come up with the idea and then put this all together.  I would certainly encourage people to go, though, be choosy about when you attend.  We went during spring break and it was far too crowded.

What a cool place. Tickets are about $35 and need to be booked in advance. This place sells out. One could spend hours and hours here. Secret doors, bright colors and endless fun. Would highly recommend this place. 

This installation is pretty worn down. Also despite a timed ticket it was crowded (mid weekday). This is really primarily for kids and young teens. Don’t go if you’re really looking for an art installation. And don’t bother with the 3D glasses if you do go.

Our family, parents + kids 16, 16 and 12 loved this somewhat eccentric detour on our trip to Santa Fe.   You wander around among dozens of fantastical rooms enjoying the  visually stunning spectacle and (in many cases) the interactive elements.  Some rooms connected with hidden passageways.  Plus there is a hidden story which our kids loved exploring and figuring out. Fun!

This was such a cool experience. We didn't know what to expect. You have to order tickets online timed entry. We ordered Denver tickets by mistake. They were really nice and refunded our tickets and bought santa fe chapter. We walked into a house where you can explore the mystery of the family. You can walk through the refrigerator and washing machine. Climb a tree house, see a dinosaur, black and white kitchen, walk through a fire place. You never know what to expect. It was a unique experience!

Awful experience.  Don't go on a Bronco game day.  Unless you want to pay 85$ for a parking space adjacent to the Meow Wolf "experience".  Definitely a problem for people like myself and my sister with mobility issues.

So much visual fun! We couldn’t for the life of us figure out the narrative mystery you are meant to solve using CR codes and sifting through the escape room- like documents and clues. Gave up and just had fun finding hidden passageways. Seriously...it’s easy to get lost.  Like nothing I’ve ever seen and worth the money. It felt crowded even though they said they were at 25% capacity for COVID. Can’t imagine what 100% would feel like! Went at 7 pm and left by 9:30pm. Nice snack bar area for those who need a break.  

We are party of five persons. 2 seniors and 3 militaryI had made reservations for 21st Nov. However, due to winter weather, we decide to stay home. I requested the customer service of Meow Wolf to refund or issue credit for our tickets.Within 15 minutes the CS responded with new date and credits transferred to new dates.I as a past Hotel Owner- I really apricate the quickness they show to respond my request.V good customer service.

I cannot wait for a return visit! Such a wonderfully awesome and unique experience. You can spend an entire day exploring and interacting, yet you’ll still miss something interesting. Art is cool and Meow Wolf is outstanding! 

We tried to go on our last trip to Santa Fe in 2020 but Meow Wolf was closed due to COVID. We had heard about it from some friends but didn't really envision what the experience would be like. Well, it was beyond cool! While we didn't use the QR codes to follow along with the story line,  it didn't diminish the experience.  There were so many eclectic rooms and displays it seemed like we'd never see it all! There were secret passages that were sometimes a little difficult to navigate at our age, but it was easy to just go a different way. Many of the displays were a blast from the past, and waves of nostalgia were available from every generation from the last 70 years or so. We are really excited that the Denver location will be opening later this year. We can't wait to take our grandkids; they'll never want to leave! As mentioned in some of the other reviews,  more opportunities to be in the shade for those waiting outside in the heat would be much appreciated.

We went to Meow Wolf yesterday. Words can’t even describe how incredible this place is. Time stands still as you wander from the house to another world through the refrigerator or fireplace . Crazy and cool. We didn’t have kids just all adults. It is sensory overload. Just remember to buy tickets in advance!!

Been here before and loved it. I’m going to sound like a sour puss saying this but the night my sister and I attended the place was full of kids that were not close to their adult units and running amuck and times head on to others as well as me and sis. In crowds this is not safe or pleasant. Parents need to realize it’s not a playground free for all. Not my circus, not my monkeys. Great place except for these critters.

Crazy weird fun. We are all in our 60’s and we had such a fun time exploring all of the rooms, crawling through the fireplace and going through the refrig to a secret room. Every turn had something fun to explore. Some people followed clues to solve a mystery but it’s fun to just go through it. Do it. But don’t buy the glasses they sell. They enhanced nothing!

They need better internet access and more information. Also, the staff was very rude and unhelpful. They didn’t seem to know anything. They were also so scared of Covid/health officials that they struggled to relate as humans. We will follow the rules; we just need to know them and experience some human kindness. They were yelling at us before we even stepped in. This place is very Disney meets Warhol. I’m sure there is something there, but maybe they got bought out? Mix corporate with neon and your high school principal and you got it. The colors were interesting. It’s very expensive too. The overwhelming nature is meant to get people through quickly too; we were not the only ones that needed a break and some information before proceeding.

We appreciated the scheduled starts, it was crowded in places, but not too bad and we could do and see all that we wanted.  It is so hard to describe but so memorable.  Like being inside a piece of art.  The staff was great to our family and we wished lived nearby so we could really dig into the mystery.  For our family, teens and preteens was the perfect age for this, but I had a good time going wish just adults on another visit.  This activity appeals to many ages!

Worth a visit but we wouldn't go back. We went at around 3p on a Friday and it was very crowded. The exhibit is interesting but I wouldn't call it "immersive art." It's more just like the "artists" shoved as much stuff as they could in a space and called it art. The set up is the most interesting thing about it. It's clever to be able to move from space to space through a refrigerator, dryer, fireplace,...If you have any balance or vision issues, this place isn't for you. There were quite a few places to twist an ankle or fall. It would also be very easy to lose small children as the lighting is dim and there are dozens of hallways and rooms. 

Horrible experience. Staff was very rude. Told us we couldn’t stand in the parking lot (we were deciding where we were headed next with our friends as we were in different cars and were visiting Santa Fe). The gentleman then said it was against “ OSHA’s policy and we needed to physically get in the car and leave.

Absolutely loved this experience. My husband and I chose to just walk around and enjoy the art and not participate in the mystery and we still had the best time. It took us about an hour to get through it, but you could easily spend two-three hours. I wish they had one in every city! I’ve been to similar stuff before but the art really puts this one over the top.

An overpriced McDonald’s playpen. I challenge people to not patronize this deeply depressing overhyped waste of space. It is a dirty and unkept. It has long lines. It is not art. It is not a museum. It is a playground for people so high they don’t know what they are looking at. When we arrived there was a man in the parking lot who was took so much acid he couldn’t walk, was non verbal and had been abandoned by his ‘friends’.

We had no idea what was going on or how to prepare for our trip. Either I missed it or there isn’t enough focus on HOW to obtain tickets. Tidbit: you gotta buy your ticket before you even show up, then you get in the designated line. It was still a blast to walk through and immerse ourselves in the exhibit. Loved it. Just wish it was more clear about the way ticketing worked. Oh, and it’s $30 a ticket, yes, $30.

When I first found out our friends had planned for us to go here, I wasn’t exactly sure what to think. However, my husband and I were pleasantly surprised at how fun and interactive this was! There is so much to see. Plan to spend a couple of hours here or you’ll definitely miss something. The only thing I was disappointed about is that I wish we would have had a better explanation up front of how to follow the story of the family that the exhibit is focused on. I didn’t really understand the inter workings of the QR codes and how to follow along with their story, and I wanted to. Overall, great time!

I’m not one who does poor reviews or do I like to give meowwolf a bad review.  While trying to enjoy our anniversary weekend, we went on a Sunday as this was our last destination to complete our weekend.  Sadly to say we were told we needed to leave the building. We were escorted out of the building without being told what we did wrong.  Talk about humiliation and embarrassing.  We asked what we did wrong and all they could say is that we know what we did.  We tried getting an explanation through their main corporate office and they still would not give an answer. We asked if we could get our money back as we didn’t get enjoy the rest of our experience. Sadly we were told no that they don’t do refunds. We will NEVER again do any business with Meowwolf!!  I have never been so embarrassed in my life.  I seriously just wanted to know what we did wrong.

Poor parking. Terrible, rude staff. Unable to get in contact with any management after several entrance/ service issues. Given a card to “try to contact” about a $300 entrance fee.. this place and it’s staff are a joke

This is the best way to experience art... interactive!! What a fascinating place to experience. We crawled, climbed, and explored all corners of this exhibit. Around every corner- opened door- was a new site to take in and enjoy. Fun for all ages! 

My wife and i visited, and while i can appreciate the incredible amount of work that went into the establishment, i think in the end it wasn't really for an "old" couple (i.e. 60's).  Visually stimulating for sure, best for families, me thinks.  Well organized and clean.  Reserve your spot if you want to go.

Apparently I believed the ads and expected this not to be geared to children and young people tripping  on hallucinogens. Many of the staircases and crawl spaces were one "mind your head" after another while smacking said head on the next super low ceiling. It's dimly lit, and for a geezer such as myself I soon had a headache from straining my eyes and banging my head on child-sized openings. The narrow openings were a tight squeeze for my big, fat behind. The extra purchase alleged 3d glasses did nothing but exacerbate said headaches for all of us. Pretty disappointed after the big hype. My own fault, really, for getting suckered in by the print ads. The attached photos came out far more vivid than it looked in real life.  If you have little kids and excess money, take them here to run around and scream. They will be in good company.

This was both fun and also a bit off the deep end. We enjoyed visiting the different rooms and walking through the area; however, we did not participate in the story that you could follow along. Leave all expectations behind and open your mind.

Bizarre.  Insane.  Fun.  This is one of the weirdest places I’ve visited.  It’s crazy, and brilliant.  It’s completely interactive.  Touch everything, open every door (and some “not doors).  It’s every sci fi/fantasy dream you’ve ever had.

Management, staff and SECURITY need to be retrained in customer service.  Abuse of power and force.  Witness to a 200lb security guard pushing. Two 85lb females to the floor multiple times, tackling one to the floor, all because they asked for a manager and the employees names. EXTREME UNNECESSARY and Disgusting behavior.  I hope the two young girls are ok and I hope they press charges against that security for battery.

While we had a great time exploring the site, we felt that either more time was needed. You have the option of either interacting with the exhibits or solving a mystery. The mystery aspect was kind of a letdown because there was too much sensory input. If the two things were separate, both would be improved. The art aspect was incredible though. If you just focus on the sensory experiences, it's a brilliant time. 

Nothing like it. been there with only three teens. They loved it; they had never seen something like that before. Colorful, engaging, and not for people with epilepsy...Mine teenagers lost their patience after an hour and a half, but I would take it slower and stay even more.

I will say this for the place. It is a different type of attraction. We got there as it opened and luckily we did not have to wait to get in as it was a cold windy day. I understand that it gets quite crowded here. I am not a big fan of this type of attraction so I did not enjoy it as much as my companions. What was nice was that you felt like you were going from dimension to dimension as if you were in a twilight zone. The format was interesting and there were many paths to take. And you can spend a good couple of hours ther.

Glad we went here. I loved all the different artist styles and creativity.  I also liked how it was interactive. This was like nothing I have ever seen and worth the trip. My kids really enjoyed it.

Such an unexpectedly amazing experience! We loved every mind bending room. There is so much to see you could easily spend hours here and still not see everything. Get the $1 glasses! The tokens are more of a kid item for a mini game room. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed and can’t wait to visit the locations in other cities!

The cost does not equal the time spent seeing 70 rooms of stuff.  I just did not get it.  If you must go,   I would avoid weekends.   I am sure if you have kids it is a great way to spend a Franklin.    The whole time I kept thinking I hope no one was just in China.

Hubby and I took a tour.  I think it would have been more fun if our kids had been with us.  We enjoyed all the details and unique areas.  There were a lot of people but since we had unlimited time we did get to see everything.  I really enjoyed the uniqueness and different areas.

Teen daughter loved the experience and was constantly excited during the visit.  Adults enjoyed the interactive and original adventure. Spent over two hours and always found new areas to explore.  Wish we had solved the mystery but was fun finding clues along the way.  Looking forward to visiting other locations. Highly recommend. .

So much fun! We'd been to the Denver one and loved it, so we had high expectations for this one and it did not disappoint. So many creative, interactive art installations. And we loved the creepy and weird costumed characters wandering around, it was really cool. Also enjoyed the DJ doing weird remixes in the cafe area. Highly recommend!

Well worth a short visit (1-2 hours) to experience this interesting concept. It was fun and good to experience something very different. On the whole, very good but I would say the items and drinks for sale were over-priced. 

I came here with my wife and 2 daughters. We all really enjoyed the experience. We weren't quite sure what to expect though we had seen some information and pics on the website. Both the little kids and the big kids (i.e. parents) enjoyed the experience and would recommend it. Probably even more fun if injest a bit of psilocybin beforehand.

If you are a believer and not into experiencing “art” with a feel of the demonic, this place is not for you. I believe interdemensional travel could be possible, but its summary/expression doesn’t have to be laced with demonic figures and paintings. Our little one enjoyed the colors, but we had a bad vibe the whole time we were in there and left in less than an hour.

This place is on the pricey side, but worth it. It's a mash up of Alice in Wonderland, escape room, and dash of live entertainment. We spent 3 hours there and thoroughly enjoyed every minute. The cafe was offering some fun beverage specials as well.

Our whole family loved this! Mom, Dad, a 4 year old, 3 year old, and 5 month old. Mom (me) wore the 5 month old in a carrier the whole time and she pretty well slept. There were a few spaces I couldn’t get in to because I had the carrier on, but I was always able to find a way around when my husband took the “big” kids through the small places. I was a bit worried that it might be “scary” for our 3 year old, who can be scared easily, but it wasn’t at all - he loved it! Afterwards I asked the kids if they’d like to do it again someday and they both said YES! Such a unique and fun experience.

We didn’t care much for this area. We’ve done a lot of traveling and I would have to say between Albuquerque and Santa Fe. I would not go again. But Meow Wolf is a great. It’s unlike anything I’ve ever done. My kids ages 3 and 12 both enjoyed it. It’s incredibly unique and is definitely something you should do once.

Magic, adventure a break from reality!    This was truly a one of a kind experience!  We spent over 4 hours trying to unravel the mystery and just enjoying the experience.  I will tell you if I had school age or even toddlers-this would be my #1 destination.  They would be entertained for hours!!

Meow Wolf was fantastic! I had seen it on CBS This Morning a while back and knew I had to go.  This place is a stimulation overload.. there’s so much! It’s in an old bowling alley so it’s pretty big. One ticket is good for all day if you need to take a break and come back. I would highly recommend going. 

Although cool and so intriguing for younger crowds.  We are mid 50's love lots of things, but this took time. (we had 2 hours). So I think you could spend a day, or more getting into the story.  If you have time to read so much and in the dark with out glasses.... I was lost.  Bring your readers you grey hairs.

Saw it advertised, so took an afternoon to check it out.  Very crowded for a Wednesday afternoon.  Knew there was a 'story' or 'hunt' to do, but really didn't get a good explanation of what was needed to do.  Ended up just exploring the different art areas of the building.  We were done in about 90 minutes.

A must-see. Fun, (somewhat) interactive experience. Lots of stunning art work, flashing lights, music, festive vibe. I was unable to figure out the "mystery" story, though (there were "clues" throughout, but without internet reception my phone could not recognize the code thingy. Good for all ages (though there are some tight spaces to get through in some areas). Gets crowded. Reserve tix in advance. The gift shop had some interesting things, but also kinda made it feel commercialized.

This museum is overrated. Pro: It is a psychedelic, very imaginative. The cons: the parking lot is not big enough, the employees are extremely rude. One yelled at my daughter for being on a phone (which is allowed), and was extremely mean during the intro presentation.  Overall, we won’t be recommending this museum or going back.

This place is amazing! There are so many nooks and crannies. It is easy to get lost. Very unique and colorful experience. The bar and cafe are excellent as well. To see everything, I would recommend allowing at least two hours (maybe more).

Unlike anything else I’ve ever seen. My boys 7/11 loved it. It’s on the pricey side but totally worth it. Be sure to set aside at least an hour to walk around and take it all in.

A friend recommended we visit this place.  We thought it would be more like the Steam Punk exhibit we visited in Idaho which we loved.  Sadly, this was a great disappointment.   Hardly anything was interactive.  It was too dark and we were not impressed with the mish mash of exhibits.  It was old, dirty and the exhibits lacked any sort of genuine artistry.

So take this review with a grain of salt. I will engage with Edward Weston's "Green Pepper #2" again & again.  Black & white photo. See something new every time.  I'm visually sensitive. This exhibit overwhelmed me.  This exhibit was creative. The talent, time, effort was amazing. But I needed "places to rest eyes" every so often. Would have heighten my enjoyment.  Like sorbet between dinner courses. Or coffee beans while smelling perfumes.

Do your homework beforehand, so you have some context for your experience. I think of this place as two attractions: a mystery house, with an interactive mystery to solve (clues to find, etc.) AND a collective art museum. Don't mix them up -- be sure to see both independently (we mixed and matched and got confused with the mystery part.Well worth the money and the time.

We went and enjoyed our time. We only spent about 90 minutes.  It was strange and fun! Lots to see and do. You can't describe the visit. So if you like new things, go check it out!  It is not a location that I would insist you go see! There are other experiences more fun and memorable. But that is just my opinion. 

After seeing this featured on Samantha Brown's Places to Love, our family of four (kids ages 11 and 9) decided to check out this experience. We probably spent four hours here but you could spend all day. You can choose to try to experience the "mystery" of a family that went missing, or you can simply take in the immersive art experiences. 

This place is very fun to explore for the day. We spent 2-3 hours in this attraction and had a great time. It is unlike anything you've seen with interactive exhibits. Recommended for everyone- adults and children. The story sounds spooky, but it really doesn't have much to do with the exhibit. Highly recommended!

I loved this place! It was very interesting, and I really liked that it was interactive. It is a great place to visit for all ages. I loved the imagination that was used to put this all together. Great job Meow Wolf.  I cant wait to go back.

This was an odd museum - I just did not get it. Best part of our visit was the Tarot Card Reader there on Sunday afternoons, although we did have to wait about 40 minutes for our turn. Very crowded, no way we could have figured out the "mystery" in one visit. Glad I went once but will not be returning.

So cool.  Amazing place.  Over crowded though.  Wish less tickets were sold per day.  The small children running around trying their best to destroy things was very annoying.  I wish there was an adults only time.  It was so nice at the very end when it was just us... then we got kicked out lol.  

If you are afraid of being closed in this is not for you. But, if you are adventurous you will have a great time there. There are thousands of decorations and many themes in this place. They want you to touch everything and experiment. Lots of lights, suprises and crazy mazes. We are glad they are opening more in other cities. 

seriously no way to explain this experience.  It was fun, different, bizarre, great for any age from 3 up to 80.  Only wish we knew that there were clues to a mystery from the beginning.  We had already been there for about an hour when we realized this and didn't want to go back to figure it out.  They are serious about timed tickets.  

Each time I go to Santa Fe I look forward to going to Meow Wolf. I've been three times and it's the best place to show your friends. It's so unique and you can feel the artistry that went into making it. 

Interesting and different - so for that experience, it’s worth checking out. Teens liked it. I took it for what it’s worth and it was MEH.  Totally overpriced. $40 each. Also, now that Covid is back, definitely don’t go!!

Many people recommended that we visit Meow Wolf as a “must do” attraction in Santa Fe. We bit the bullet and paid almost $200 to take our extended family. Unless you want to scare your children and fill their minds with dark, demonic trash, steer clear of this place. It was eerie and dark and truly felt evil and demonic. I’m appalled that this attraction would be marketed to children. And, in my opinion has no place for anyone. It’s a gimmicky racket like wax museums and Ripleys Believe or Not, and it felt like a scary nightmare. Our entire crew of 7 couldn’t wait to leave.  Use your money on putt putt and ice cream instead.

Very disappointed and disgusted.. Place is promoted for children.. I regret bringing them and coming.  It was extremely expensive and folks are lined up for this.. Im not going to go into it.. But Will say if your Christian, save your money.. 

My sister, who is very artsy raved about her experience at this place.  We figured that we better not miss it.  We arrived when it first opened.  We waited about 30 minutes to get in.  We thought the admission price was exorbitant considering its location and the run-down look of the place.  We were charged an extra dollar a piece for 3-D glasses.  Why are they not included when you're spending 29.00 per person plus tax? As it turned out the 3-D glasses were used for only a couple of exhibits.  We figured that we'll just go with the flow.  The main thing is that it's supposed to be really something.  Well, really something, it is not.  If it were 10.00 a person and touted as a child or teen experience, I could understand it.  The exhibits were like something from a garage sale.  I could have a better time in my mother's basement.  The reason children may like it is because of the secret doors, nooks and crannies.  If you have a handicap, are big and hefty, or elderly, you may not fit between doors or walls.  You also need to get down on your hands and knees to see things.  Do not bother if you are susceptible to migraines.  There are an inordinate amount of flashing lights.  I am not saying this isn't for everyone, but it sure wasn't for my husband and me.

Okay, maybe we didn't get it. Maybe it's for families but me and my hubby just didn't get it. We felt like we wasted the entrance fee but it was something different to see. If there is a point or something to find through this place, no one gave us the memo.

The place is a Illuminati creep show. The place is packed with Illuminati symbolism. From the classic pryamid shapes to the  genderqueer child's room.  Not for children! Not for Christians, like me. After about 15 minutes I walked out the door. I heard a small boy tell his Dad he was afraid, he had reason to be afraid.  Save your money, and have a nice lunch on the Plaza.

This could be an attraction only for kids up to 8 years old - or for adults with a IQ of 25.Built on the model of the old fashioned fairground "house of horrors", it does not offer any special scary effect - if indeed intended - but just a phantasmagory of lights and colors, not even well assorted .Thing are put together in the attempt to create visual stimulus; in reality they just give a sense of disorder, disorganized design without any theme, surrounded by cacophonic music. A bad experience, truly disappointing for people of good taste.

A strange and unusual experience. Probably a great place to take kids when you need to entertain them for a couple of hours. As adults, we expected to see some art. Instead, it was an endless collection of rooms with colorful junk. Nothing inspiring. Nothing clever. At $20 a person, it was way overpriced as well.

Wow. This was SO highly recommended. My 14 year old daughter was so excited. We went in with the highest expectations...Number 1. Up selling is ridiculous! Buy the app, buy the 3D glasses (there was no discernible use). Number 2. The story. Granted, they play it down, but don’t come there expecting to solve it in less that 4-8 hours. I checked online after, and this is corroborated. Number  3.  Interactive??? No longer. Almost NOTHING worked. Enter a room with multiple handles/buttons. This looks fun, until a lever or button does NOTHING. Are you kidding?  Close down and make repairs. Don’t continue to take money and call it an interactive experience.  Is the art avant-garde?  YES. Cool stuff? Yes, but let’s get real about all the hype. Not worth it. I just want my time back.

Can't imagine how this place got coverage in the American Airlines magazine.  Admission cost is out of whack!  Told there would be people in white lab coats to answer question - nada around.  More a "fun house" of visuals for children.  For adults...no!  Must have a great PR firm.  

We went in cold not knowing anything about this place and it was a waste of $30 for each of us,  There is no guide to what you are seeing or doing and the staff although very nice offered no insight as to what we should do or look for.  All they did was refer us to the website which was not helpful.

Unless you’re under 10 or totally stoned, I wouldn’t recommend this place. Total waste of time and money.

There were some clever and fun design elements but overall I was not impressed. I think the designers bought everything from a couple of thrift stores, altered their state of mind and went to work.  

We went to Meow Wolf with neutral expectations - some said it was the quintessential art immersion experience of Santa Fe; others said it felt like day care for adults. We found it a bit dizzying and felt frustrated that it was a lost opportunity to reach a wide public. The place was packed and is clearly making oodles of money, but for what purpose?  It's a great idea to have artists collaborate on a fun house, a mind-expanding world, and make it immersive for the audience, but sadly, in this very intense moment historically and politically, there could be so much more happening in that space. It felt like a strange nostalgia for psychotropic-drugged days of old. We need art experiences now that allow people to connect with each other, share stories, talk about their concerns, their anxieties, their hopes and ways that they are coming together with strangers and neighbors to make the world a better place. There's a whole history of socially engaged art that is not preachy or predictable, but playful and interactive, that could be tapped for this space. The best thing about going there was that it made me imagine how to do this kind of work in ways to transform communities, with sufficient funding and creative collaboration. I hope that they figure out ways to make the space more relevant to the times, while keeping its collaborative and playful spirit. 

it was silly for me as an adult but kids would enjoy going from one maze to another. One room goes into another. It did not make sense to me

I’ve been here twice before and have sent lots of out of town visitors to Meow Wolf. This trip was different. It wasn’t very busy(middle of the week) and the employees were just kind of... phoning it in. If I had a dollar for every employee I saw on their cell phone it would have paid for the admission. I actually took lots of pictures of the employees on cell phones because it was so extreme. The employees certainly seemed to enjoy one another but the guests seemed to be viewed as a necessary evil. I spent quite a bit of money in the gift shop but certainly didn’t receive any help from the girls working in there. They did have fun on their cell phones and with each other though👍🏼. They had some sort of experiential “balloon ride” in the lobby and that employee was... on her cell phone. The bartenders... on their cell phones, oh yes and one was drinking a beer. There were many older patrons walking around and saying “I don’t get it, I don’t get it”. It would have been nice if they had employees to help customers understand the exhibits. Some background story or inspiration behind the whole idea would have gone a long way. Instead their attitude is “well, some people are just not going to get it”. I’m all for the high starting pay at Meow Wolf but at least train these employees on how to treat people. If they think they can get a nice paycheck, healthcare, benefits for playing on their cell phones all day... well, they are doing their employees a disservice. Meow Wolf is experiencing great success. I hope they don’t blow it. 

dirty, uninspired, not creative, crowded, awful.  This is really mediocre.  ALSO 3D glasses No reason for!! DOn't waste your money.

Either go stoned or high!!!  Not real sure what the point of this place is. Sorry....that's all I got. Totally disappointed!!!!

We are into fun and into the arts, and visited Meow Wolf because a couple of artsy friends recommended it. But we didn't get it. Yes, it's unique. But if you're not nerdy about this stuff (like downloading the app and looking for clues, like a weird Pokemon Go), then it's just plain weird. The "art" is hokey. And at $58 for two of us, it's no bargain. We gave it a fair shot, exploring lots of rooms and staying open to all kinds of experiences for more than an hour, but sorry - we did not find this to be the amazing, fun experience we were expecting. We finally just decided to cut our losses and get out of there. Best decision ever.A definite four-thumbs-down from us.

Basically wandering through rooms full of kitsch. We could not leave fast enough. Probably fun for a group of tweens or teenagers. I tried to have an open mind but I am at a loss why there is all the hype. I like the concept of supporting artists so on that note only my money was not wasted. 

Drove from out of state and the place is closed for renovations. Nothing on their website. Nothing on their social media. Parking lot is full of people trying to visit. Pathetic.

I might have thought this "art" experience was cool if I was younger and high but instead I was just angry that I wasted $25.  I'm still confused about how an old house, a giant shrimp and a space capsule connect.  Save your money and enjoy dessert or another couple of beers instead.

I thought this was a huge waste of time and money. Very little interaction, nothing educational, just a visual assault put together by a bunch of mescaline users.

If you have an ironic mustache, or a ring in your nasal septum, wear thick rimmed glasses, or like buying new clothes that look old, than you will definitely like this place. I wish I would have spent my time and money on something less "rad". 

We left...after less than one hour with $33 less and migraines! This has GOT to be one of the worst "attractions" I've ever seen in my life! If you love bright crazy moving lights and deafening noise, then you will LOVE this place! What the "attraction" is we never did find out...just noise, lights and junk...lots and lots of junk! I thought perhaps it was "us", but checking with others throughout this ORDEAL confirmed my suspicions that this is a colossal rip off...the City Different did it again. Maybe hyperactive kids will like it? Save your money and have a nice quiet lunch!

Nothing worth seeing here and don't know else to expound except to say it's pricey and flaky with no worthwhile art. Wouldn't recommend it if it were free

Confusing, cramped and not my cup of tea!  It may have helped if the people taking the entry fee, took a couple of seconds to discuss the "theme' and to mention starting at the mailbox!

We were there last week and agree with the previous reviews that it's a very fun, unique one-of-a-kind exhibit to visit.  I have some post-visit tips.- I just happened to buy tickets to the first visit of the day, and we realized that we lucked out.  Entries are timed, but you can stay as long as you want.  This means the place became progressively more crowded.  It got harder to take pictures, walk around, get into a small room, etc.  The parking lot isn't that large, and there were cars driving around looking for a parking spot when we left.- They don't let you bring in food or drink, but you can bring an empty water bottle to refill inside.  You can't return to your car to snack because once you leave the building, you can't return.- The 3-D effects are more pronounced with the $1 glasses.  Buy one pair for your group.- Touch and try to open everything and look for secret passage ways.  There are a lot of secrets.

Everyone told us "you gotta see this...it's the coolest thing...EVER"  Not for me.  Lots of color and noise.  Done.

Couple of cool things but definitely not worth the money. Spent less than an hour there and  was not impressed with most of the displays

I had such high hopes for this place.  My kids were so excited to go.  They were the ones who asked me to leave they disliked it so much.

I went to Meow Wolf when it first opened and was impressed, but back then it was around $15 I believe. That was worth it, and if you went during the week it wasn't very crowded (though weekends were not at all enjoyable). Came back this summer, and was pleased that they are attempting to limit the number of people going in by having an online reservation option. However, it was still PACKED on a Tuesday morning. The line is now outside, so if there's bad weather I guess you get to stand in it. The price is utterly insane. It was $30 for my out-of-town friend ($29 plus $1 3D glasses that are cheap and used for about 5% of the exhibit) and $25 for me. Here are things that are less expensive (especially for non-residents) and far more enjoyable:-Acoma Pueblo tour-Taos Pueblo Tour-Taos Ski Valley Lift-Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta-Sandia Peak Tram-Explora-Children's Museum-Bradbury in Los Alamos-Natural History Museum-Nuclear Museum in ABQ-Lunch at The Pantry-Walk through the Plaza-Loretto Chapel-Beautiful Jemez Pottery-Movie at Violet Crown-HikingReally, the list just goes on and on and on and on. Meow Wolf is fairly neat and was worth it back when it was first released, but now it's nearly dead last on the list for "bang for your buck". I noticed practically no difference between what's there now and what it was like when it first opened, but the price was nearly doubled. My wallet is still crying a bit from this (we were there for 1 hour), and I wish we had saved the money and gone down to Acoma instead.What you can expect, if you want to spend $50-60, is basically an artistic funhouse. Do not go when it's crowded.

My Meow Wolf experience was negative. As soon as I entered, I felt dizzy and off balance. The sensation was very disconcerting and I exited as soon as possible.  For a couple of hours I had a slight vertigo sensation.  My reaction could have been related to altitude or possibly visuals that triggered symptoms from a recent concussion. 

Total waste of money. Couldn’t make any sense of anything. The guides inside were clueless & didn’t make sense with their explanation. Don’t waste your time or money 

I arrived before the opening and queued. Before me, about 15-20 people. I expected to be in a couple of minutes after it opens. Unfortunately, at 10:20, less than half of those 20 people had been processed. How is that possible?!Well, take very demotivated staff, slow and not caring. One girl in the staff managed to go on a coffee break after having sold 4 tickets. Literally, 4 tickets, 2 parties of 2 and she was already tired and needed coffee!! There is no way this is acceptable.I left at 10:25, there were still people before me and I didn't want to pay that inflated price any longer, fearing the whole thing would be so poorly organized. For the steep price, I expect a minimum of respect for the customers!

1. The place smells bad. Eau de Locker Room. 2. The guide tells you to touch things, interact with the exhibit. But after a few 'touch' moments, I realized that this place is NEVER cleaned and probably crawling with fecal matter, given the number of kids on site. 3. The cost is too high for a casual visit, but the place is usually too crowded for a lengthy visit. 4. On a beautiful sunny day last week, one college girl said she had been there since 11am (it was 4:30pm) trying to solve the (unsolvable) riddle. However, I have a life that precludes me from spending entire days in the dark, looking for a clue.  Summary: Both my friend and I were unimpressed.

Scary that we waited in line twice the time and paid twice the money compared to all the other places we’ve been including Georgia O’Keefe, Loretta chapel, Bandelier, Round House.....Interesting but my teenagers said they would have rather spent their money bowling or playing miniature golf! 

You have never been to a place like this. Part museum, part mystery, part funhouse. You will almost turn back because it is not cheap to enter, but you will not regret the cost and will stay for much longer than you planned.

I can appreciate odd, eclectic, abstract... but this is just plain trashy.  Santa Fe offers so much - give this a wide pass.

We went to meow wolf on the recommendation of many. We were told that it is fun for adults. This place is not suited to adults that do not have children. To begin with, the place is loaded with kids. It is impossible to avoid them. The interactive portions of the exhibit are mildly entertaining at best. There was nothing really refined about the place. While I was not high during the visit, I could not see how mind altering substances would enhance the experience. If you are an adult couple without children and not necessarily fond of children, this is not your place. It would be better spending the admission fees elsewhere.

Meow wolf is a slap your momma in the facetype of wonderland, and for my dating friends I would plan an entire afternoon. WARNING; ONLY go to this date if you are willing to experience an actual “playdate" and by that I mean you are going to actually giggle and play. Wear clothes that you would wear to crawl around in a treehouse that is too small for a grown man. (no high heels, cowboy boots, long scarves, jewelry that's gets caught on things, snobby friends, or pants that are too tight because you will be mobile). This date will have you doing everything from crawling into a fireplace, playing laser harp, to flopping onto a pile of pillows under a tent of glowing eyeballs. This is a great date to bring your imagination as the third wheel. If you're looking for cultural enrichment this is not your scene, it is an interactive playground that can be as exciting and romantic as you choose ( lots of spots to steal a kiss) . For those of you who love role play gameplay: there is a mystery to be solved in this exhibit about a cosmic scientific explosion and a small boy. It will have you rummaging through every detail of the snoop and find style of this art playscape.  Pay attention to every one of your senses, this Artist Collaboration has invested every ounce of their collective juices to make sure that you hear, smell, touch, and feel differently as you move through each area. Let your imagination run and play and grab a snow cone on the way out. .

Didn't like it at all. A waste of money. Not a place for a Christian with all of the satanic art and illuminati references on display. Why are people taking their young kids here? It was dark and also smelled bad.

Totally kitchy with lights and music, on two levels in a warehouse that may be fun for kids, but I thought had only one interesting room where touching a floor-to-ceiling set of wires would generate different sounds and lights as your fingers touched the wires.  Can't begin to touch the Exploratorium in SF, where real science is behind many fun play things.  It was also just unbelievably crowded, worse than Disneyland by far.

I had read a lot of positive reviews on Meow Wolf so I came in with high expectations. I found the concept to be interesting, and some of the exhibits were quite well prepared, but others seemed a bit off as if they were from a local street fair.  For the price of $30/adults, I was not impressed and would not go again.  I have heard that they are going to open in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, and my recommendation would be to up the quality significantly as those markets are saturated with great art/entertainment.

We were a group of four seniors who really didn’t “get it.”  Very much like an Alice in Wonderland experience.  No one cautioned us about how there were many steps, uneven flooring, and narrow places and things to crawl into with limited lighting.  The senior price for a couple with worthless 3D glasses was $56 which we felt was overpriced.  Had to visit this place due to all the hype - now we’ve seen it we wouldn’t return or recommend it.  We were in and out in less than an hour.

Ear shattering. Unrelenting pulsing, pounding cacaphony. Screeching singer and terrible band. Altogether destroyed what could have been an amazing visit. There was no place to escape and enjoy the inventive art and light shows. I couldn’t leave fast enough.

I have traveled a lot, that was the weirdest thing I have ever done. Artists, ok if you say so.  It would of made a great haunted house.

We came to Meow Wolf after multiple friends told us we HAD to go there during our trip to Santa Fe. We didn't do any research in advance... we went in almost completely blind.The sheer amount of information and choices was pretty overwhelming until we got our bearings... at first I was trying to pick up and pull on every single thing like I was in an escape room!

We heard about Meow Wolf and my husband really wanted us all to check it out.  I understood it to be an “interactive” experience with a performance element.  What it actually was, was boring - a very elaborate set-up with no discernible point.  Apparently, if you want to spend a WHOLE lot of time there and read all the papers scattered about, you’d at least understand “the story” that all this weirdness is meant to represent.  But if you aren’t into reading, none of it hangs together - it just seemed utterly random.  Perhaps some sort of explanation ought to be provided up front - maybe the TV in the front room can be a short video message explaining it all.  And as far as an interactive experience, there were SO many missed opportunities.  For one thing, they could have done a lot more with sensory experiences, like a blast of chill when you open the door to the walk-in refrigerator, or a stove that opens and emits an aroma of cookies baking.  Maybe a dresser drawer that opens to reveal a hologram who tells part of the story (so you don’t have to read so much). Photos on the wall could have been “moving” (i.e., videos) a la Harry Potter.  And the random talent wandering around could have interacted more with the audience.  All in all, this was disappointing, especially given how expensive the admission was!

I’m a Southern New Mexico resident, my husband and I - along with his brother went for the first time. When someone mentions Santa Fe everyone says Meowwolf! This is the type of place my 15 year old angsty teen self would have thought was very edgy. I'd rather watch someone perform interpretive dance for hours than return to Meowwolf. Ever been to Universal Studios or Disney? You know when you wait in line to get on a ride and the queue is decorated to represent the ride you are about to experience. If you took all the queue decorations, jammed them into a "line ride"  plus pay 30ish $ to witness. I paid too much money, to wait in a decorated line and there wasn't a ride at the end. Also the story in the Victorian house , Google worded as "non-linear" - that's hardly the truth.... it's far more disappointing than the finale of LOST. However, if you love Hot Topic this is the place for you. 

I thought this was going to be something spectacular based on the reviews and overall ratings.  My opinion is it is not worth the effort of standing in line for 30 minutes Unless you have small kids and are looking for something to keep them occupied fir two hours or you a millineal that is either tipsy or stoned.   I don’t understand the draw of it.   It was basically a house with a whole bunch of rooms to explore with funky colors and junk scattered everywhere. 

After reading many reviews, some of them not very good, I was not sure what to expect when we arrived at Meow Wolf.  We arrived around noon and there was no line when we got inside.  The staff member at the desk was very nice and helpful.  We did pay the extra $1 to get the 3-D glasses which probably should have just been included in the price.  Didn't really need or use them.  My adult child and I explored every space and crawled through some smaller spaces but it is very easy to navigate if you are in reasonably good shape.  There were so many different spaces with very cool lighting, themes, etc.  Apparently there is some kind of puzzle to follow but it was more crowded once you got in and there are no really specific ways to follow the clues unless you start at the beginning and getting to the beginning clue was difficult with a lot of people.  It is a very interesting concept and experience but I think it's not someplace I would go often because I think it would get old after awhile,unless they change things up occasionally.  AIot of the other reviews made comments about touching things and it was filthy, etc. I am pretty conscious about that kind of stuff and it should not be a deterrent to making a visit, just wash your hands when you get out! I would definitely suggest going if you are in Santa Fe.

Disclaimer - we didn’t get to experience the encounter, the poor rating is for how disorganized the admission and facility was. Since going I see some very recent reviews have been added informing about the lines etc , and I wish there had been more reviews prior to those indicating such. I checked reviews here prior to going and called to ask questions before going but information was minimal. I don’t think it really matters if you purchase tickets online or not. Both lines were horribly long, extremely slow moving, and deceiving because once inside the door (after two hours waiting outside) the lines winded around inside for another hour or two. We were unaware only a certain number of people are let in at a time.  Is there a way to have ticket entry times or some way of navigating this better? Especially if it is this popular of an attraction it seems they could reconfigure or rethink admission procedures. When I asked one employee if it was like this all the time she said every day and that it’s an all day thing for the most part, for admission, plus seeing it takes another couple of hours. She said once we get a wristband we can come back later that day but that’s after waiting in line and we had other plans later. We contemplated whether to wait longer once inside and after about another hour and only halfway through the indoor line, because we had two young now hungry children, and no guarantee when we would get in, and other plans later in the day we decided to leave, sadly. Because of our experience and the fear of a repeat experience we didn’t even come back during our stay. Those who wait say it’s worth it so I guess I can’t say having not waited it out longer than we did. Just come prepared. The snack bar has a selection of coffee and alcoholic drinks, but few snacks - some bags of chips and prepackaged pastries, bottled waters. Even though it’s for all ages I think we were the only people with a toddler that I saw, and most children I saw in line were probably 5 and up. 

DO NOT GO HERE.  There was no mystery to solve. Just a series of weird rooms of pop art.  Way too crowded. We were not entertained at all. Totally boring and pointless. The app is also useless.  Overpriced and overhyped.

Went here for the first time and it was a good experience, but few things need to be taken care of.Minus 1 star because admission price is expensive. It is $25.00 ($22.00 - NM residents), ages 14 and under $19.00 ($17.00 - NM residents), and Seniors (65 and up)/Military is $23.00 ($20.00 - NM residents). You will be spending maximum of 2 hours and paying $25 for that in my opinion is pretty expensive! On top, they charge you for every extra little things like; 3D glasses ($1),  phone app ($4.99), self audio tour ($4.99), etc. All of these "extras" supposed to enhance your experience in some way. Why is there "extras" anyway? Why is it not included in the admission price which is already way too expensive!Minus second star because there was a huge line and yet only one person was helping. It was taking at least 10 minutes just to help 1 person/family. That many minutes because they were making sure to sell those "extras."Don't get too excited if you buy tickets online because even that separate line was long. Again, only 1 person to help and was also taking at least 5-10 minutes. Reason you need to get in line is because they give you wristband after seeing and verifying your online confirmation number. Yes, you can do unlimited in and out on that same day. Parking is free, but it does get full pretty quickly. However, there are plenty of free street parking.No strollers and/or backpack is allowed so if you have little ones then good luck with that. Handicap is allowed only on the first floor.Like I said that it does get crowded, so go early and try to make your money worth. Don't forget to check out free studio they have on your way out for children to do reading, arts and crafts, etc.

So, this was my third visit last weekend. Recommend visiting after 3 PM as you'll have the place to yourself! I'm noticing the place is "tired" looking w/fabrics and plastics really dirty and old looking. Don't get me wrong - still worth visiting. But I'm seeing some of the work being done on LV Meow Wolf and wow, does the Santa Fe' property need updating. Hope they'll do that for their flagship property. Taking more friends to Santa Fe' this week, but I'm no longer proud to "show off" this Santa Fe' attraction so we'll skip it. I used to be so enthusiastic about it!  Hope you guys clean the place up and update it to "wow" us again!

So, I picture some people sitting around looking at all the stuff in their garage and thinking we should glue all this stuff together, spray paint it silver, and put it in a warehouse.  Then charge people to go thru this "freaky, cool experience".  Meh!

Everyone told me to check out the “art” at Meow Wolf when visiting Santa  Fe.   So I went, expecting Art.  What I got instead was an over-crowded Childrens’ Fun House.  There was nothing inspiring nor thought-provoking about this place.  If you have kids ages 8-14, they’ll love the secret rooms, hidden doors, etc.   But it wasn’t for me.

Cannot believe this is a thriving business .  Almost totally adults roaming around these fantasy house rooms looking for clues supposedly but too crowded to read anything.  Totally uninteresting.  Our brochure said $18 for adults but they charged $23.  Took 10 minutes to get a refund. And the colored glasses for “$1” extra are useless.  Can’t remember anything this boring in years.  I don’t even think kids would like it.  No one left smiling!

Before leaving Santa Fe, we wanted to check out what Trip Advisor and many other internet sites claim is the most popular attraction in Santa Fe. We purchased our tickets on our computer which was a smart choice since we would have spent a long time waiting to buy tickets to an attraction that wasn’t worth waiting on line for!The idea of this “ attraction “ is that  was once upon a time a bowling alley has been turned into a series of spaces where the paying customers are supposed to solve the mystery of a certain murder. Perhaps there is more to this multimedia attraction but after wandering around this bizarre attraction, we departed feeling significantly ripped off!

Meh, it was an interesting experience and a good way to spend 1.5 hours but I don’t see what all the fuss is about. Perhaps I needed a little “something” before I went in to truly experience this?I had way more fun and was more engaged at the escape room I visited. 

After reading all the great reviews, my family was excited to go but unfortunately it disappointed us all (kids ages 9-16). It was quite crowded and I understand that you are suppose to find clues and try to solve mysteries but the clues always had long lines to wait to read them and didn't make much sense. I think you would need to go when it wasn't crowded and spend many hours to get much out of this place. Many rooms were hot, very crowded, and a bit claustrophic. Would not go back - especially avoid around Spring Break!

I believed the hype. $25 ( the 3D glasses were extra. IMO, if you're paying $20 for entry, that price should include the glasses- which didn't really enhance experience anyway).I do love how it brings some art to the masses, but be prepared. Wear comfy shoes/clothes, bright lights, noises, people, small spaces, odd staircases, other entries, go through a dryer! Keep your eye on your kids they can turn a corner & get lost in the crowd or go through a door you didn't anticipate. Went with friends, our small group broke apart as we all wanted to explore different areas. So, if you're curious, check it out. I don't plan on returning here, as I do to other locations in Santa Fe, like the restaurants, Museum Hill, Canyon Rd, Tent Rocks.Gave it 2 stars not for lack of creativity, it just isn't my scene.

Found this place to definitely be a one night stand.  It was interesting and worth the drive from Taos one time.  It was full of either families or young people with nothing better to do because “it’s” the trendy spot to hang out.  The vibe is an oddity at first then it turns into a beat nick/millennial (some very disrespectful) scene where a lot of the participants wreaked of weed.  We were there around 8pm and the staff closed part of the place off and said it now was for people who paid extra.  Wtf!  The later it got, the more the place was just another night club hang out for “rollers,” “weeders,” and God knows whatever kind of psychedelic takers.  I won’t be back.

This was really great, but you have to be almost acrobatic (to go into the washing machine and under the fireplace, for instance). Be very careful, as there are no safety signs. Lots of places to clonk your head; trip and fall. There's one back stairway I thought I wouldn't survive.I would like to go back to see some things I missed, but will be very waryThe polarized glasses did nothing for us.

Unoriginal, derivative, boring. That is how would describe The House of Eternal Return. So called 'Artist's' raid the local junkyard of 50's and 60's crap to decorate the 'House'. Throw in some Black lights and Strobe lights(more 60's crap) and make up a lame story and charge $20.00! to get in, and a gift shop too! Artist's? Yeah right! I like Santa Fe, but I would not recommend Meow Wolf

The ticket staff directs customers to the mailbox. My party of three went there. The mailbox was empty. We knew nothing else. This was the first bad part. The second bad part is that after three minutes in darkness with bad music and no apparent theme, all I could think was that the various funhouses at Six Flags some 45 years ago when I was a kid were so much better. The third bad part is that many of the electronic features were not working and had out-of-order signs on them. Vince, that never happened at Six Flags. The final bad part is that, here in this town of artists, I did not feel the least bit immersed in art. I want a refund, because of the empty mailbox and all the non-functioning electronics.This was forty minutes of excruciating boredom. The best advice I can give is to drop acid before going.I spent the morning at the Georgia O'Keefe museum. I wish my party and I had continued our afternoon there instead of throwing our money away on this.

Lots of folks have remarked on Meow Wolf, and honestly I just don't get it,but it is definitely me.  While I was in there stumbling around,climbing ladders,looking at bug eyed furrry monsters I kept asking myself what is this all about.  I know there is a story to follow and clues to solve,but I just couldn't concentrate on much with all the sensory overload both good and bad.  It got to the point that my friend and I just had to leave and seek fresh air.  The only way I can describe it as kind of an adult fun house.  For me,it was one and done.

There was a lot of hype, but like the emperor's new clothes, there wasn't much there.  The art was a mix of sixties psych and comic books.  Most of the screens weren't working.  People had to fight to see writings, and the writings were long-winded and boring.  The darkness created unsafe conditions--I saw a woman's nose get hit hard by someone who moved too quickly in the dark.  Kids might like it.  People who take selfies might like it because they can have a lot of different backgrounds.  Mainly, it was hohum and way overpriced.

Everyone in Santa Fe was raving about this place, but we didn't think it was really all that fun. They didn't explain when you arrive that you're supposed to look for clues and figure out a story as you go through the exhibit. There were so many people in there that we would have had difficulty finding the clues even if we had known about them. Additionally, at almost $40 for two people, it was quite an expensive trip for not a lot of fun.

Meow wolf is great this is the 3rd one I’ve been to this one in Santa Fe was amazing till we were profiled and were followed around one of the workers got into my wife’s face screaming at her for scratching her face in the expo and almost found himself on the floor if it wasn’t for my kids he would of I understand the whole COVID thing and masks are mandatory ok like they were in Denver and Las Vegas and never had any problems with being followed everywhere you went you had this little kid screaming at my family and other families to wear there mask properly he loved  his job way to much and made my wife cry and another little girl there cry well we our just enjoying our time there I would not recommend going to this place unless you want to be treated like a criminal and followed  everywhere go to Vegas or Denver they are way better anyways it was a nice place but with all the mask caos we were asked to leave after paying 200+ Dollars to get inn after a hr I asked for a manager and was refused one it truly was a waste of money and time but we still walked out disappointed we will always love the meow wolf just not the Santa Fe one there employees are rude and pushy with their customers spend your time and money with another one Las Vegas or Denver the employees there are awesome I hope I save a few people from spending their money or time with a place were they don’t care about their customers only a mask and I am fully vaccinated being I work in a hospital and work around COVID everyday and to be treated the way we were was unnecessary for any person and I hope the owner of this place cleans his business up of their horrible employees before he goes out of business

They should not open this place until covid is gone. They have guards everywhere moving people, bugging then about mask placement and sicial distancing.  That's all I heard around me and I couldn't enjoy anything

Spent 10 minutes. The exhibits seemed cheesy. Would save the $ and go on a hike or eat some delicious Santa Fe food instead. 

If you are seeking a hip playground to take your children to, where they can climb through a fireplace, slide into a washing machine, enter secret passages through a refrigerator, and such...by all means spend the $40 per person to do this. At the very least, the photo opps are fantastic, and clearly a lot of work went into this place by obviously very creative people. People unconstrained by structure and plot. If you are adults who hate dungeons and dragons, would never dream of dressing up to go to a museum, and would rather spend your $80 on a good bottle of wine, then do not go.  Let's review: If you like performance art--GO. If you don't know what performance art is--RUN.  If your teenage children like dressing up for Harry Potter and hate sports on TV--GO. If your kids play team sports and don't wear costumes to school--RUN. There is an "escape room" type objective here where you try to discover what happened to a family touched by aliens, but about 20 minutes of aimless wandering through the fiberglass stalactites into the attraction, we gave up and decided to just try to see every room. Eventually, the objective shifted to GET ME OUT. Perhaps better guidance would make this place more attractive to a broader audience?At least it was only a 25 minute drive to the middle of nowhere...

I was really excited about this exhibition we drove all the way down from Denver for MeowWolf and I thought it was cool overall, but what truly does the art and artists a HUGE disservice is the staff. Not ALL the staff but most. They don't help you or interact with the guests at all. How can it be a fully "immersive and interactive" experience if literally none of the guests know how anything works? They have QR codes that you scan but what do they do? No one to explain anything. I will applaud the staff on mask compliance I did not see anyone not wearing one the entire time I was there. I still say definitely go because the art is so trippy and there are hidden portals EVERYWHERE and it's cool to find them. BUT and this is a HUGE BUT  they were completely packed even at limited capacity (55%) just people everywhere. There were tons of people in every room. Lines to get through every portal, stairway and in every room. If this is half capacity I don't EVER want to see this place running at full.

What a fun place.  Art gallery/ amusement park? Performance art with the art as the performer?  I cant even begin to describe.  Just know it's fun and interesting!!!

A friend who lived here highly recommended this to me. This was my second visit during my stay in Santa Fe and I went with one other adult both times. It is a must do! It's great for families, kids or just adults... you can make it what you want. There's a story line that you can try to figure out the mystery (for adults) and the kids will just love the interactive museum in itself and not have to follow the story. Both times we ordered tickets in advance and the first time the wait wasn't long but the second time advanced ticket holders waited 1 1/2 hours while the day of purchasers got in probably within 30 minutes. Also the 3D glasses aren't necessary (I think they're $1 or $2. If you get them, maybe just share one pair with your group). Be prepared to be there for a minimum of 3-4 hours (including waiting in line).  Lots of great photo opportunities. It's massive and plenty to see once you get in. Make sure to LOOK. THROUGH. EVERYTHING! Even if you don't think something might open, it will! Changed my whole perception once I left and for a while I was more curious and would try to open anything I came across. So cool! There's also a cafe onsite and an art room (open certain hours). I am amazed at the attention to detail and all the work that went into this. For those who are fans, there's a documentary about the making of this and there's one opening in Denver and Vegas soon. I definitely plan to go there!

Living in Santa Fe, I hear a lot about Meow Wolf. So with our son and his fiancee in town we decided to go.Unfortunately, we found the experience to be underwhelming. Although there are facets of beauty and creativity, the experience seemed fragmented and lacked cohesiveness. It was difficult to discern the underlying storyline. Some of that may have been due to the large Holiday crowd.

My family kept asking, “what is this place we are going to”? I told them that I didn’t know, but we just had to see it. It was a very unique place. My main complaint is the price. It is very steep for what you get. If it was a true escape room concept, I could see charging that much but that aspect was too weak to even follow. There was supposed to be a mystery to solve but it got lost in everything else. I’m glad we went because now we know but $125 for a family of 4 to experience some weirdness is too expensive. 

I’d read about Meow Wolf prior to going and it’s links to GRR Martin. The venue is on the outskirts of Santa Fe and has lots of parking available. Meow Wolf we found really interesting and well worth a couple of hours visit. 

So the place is huge and very different.  We had fun and took some pictures but at the end the general nonsense feeling got us a little bored.  Besides the colors and visuals got us a little sick... 🤢 but overall was an ok experience.  A little too expensive for me though....

We were pretty disappointed at this place. We had a kindergartener with us and there just wasn't really anything for him to do there. It's more like an interactive art gallery than a play area for children. And the admission prices are outrageous. We ended up going to a nearby public playground.

We were not disappointed!  This is a one of a kind experience.  Be ready to explore, climb, slide, scoot, duck under and more...  There was so much to see and interact with.  We didn't plan on being there long as we were headed into Colorado for offroading, but ended up spending two hours here the morning we planned to leave!Slide into the dryer to see what's inside! Explore! Walk through the fridge into another dimension.. so much fun for adults and kids alike!

It’s as if you are trying to grasp a new reality and survive this alien world.  The fog envelopes.  What is real, did the past exist?  Squint and look sideways, the truth again escapes.  Continue discombobulated and disappear in a fridge hoping that the other side continues the wonderment.  Play music in the air, experience art, try to work out what is going on but most of all just go with the flow and trust.  It’s fun. 

Interesting and unique experience that lacked any type of continuity.  The novelty wore off after about 45 minutes.  Sci-fi fans and kids might enjoy more.  Glad I went, but once was enough.  A time commitment to follow the story line exists and the alternate reality lacked continuity.

Neither my teenage son or I could understand why Meow Wolf is one of Santa Fe’s main tourist attractions.  There was no perceptible story we could identify so the place seemed to be a random collection of incomprehensible fantasy and science fiction.  Don’t go unless you have small children.

Clearly everyone has their own aesthetic criteria. What's art for one may be trash for another. That having been said, the PR for this interactive installation venue is phenomenal. It reads in such a way that if you don't visit while in Santa Fe, you will have missed the ultimate art  experience. I drank from the "kool-aide" and was sorely disappointed. I am not sure how to describe this venue. I think this is intended for a much younger demographic who has not spent a lifetime visiting the great museums of the world. It has an Alice in Wonderland quality in as much you can climb into a washing machine and slide down into another room - assuming that you can fit or you can walk into a refrigerator and end up elsewhere or you can crawl through a fireplace and find yourself in another part of the installation. This may be fun for kids but it has a steep entrance fee. Adults are $29. 

Meow Wolf was not our thing.  You go in and basically just wander around aimlessly and hope that you see everything.  We did not get the app or understand the hunt for clues.  We did not see anyone there to help us in lab coats...but that doesn't mean they weren't there.  It is like a weird fun house.  My husband and I did not really enjoy it but glad to say we did it.  We knew going in that it would not lend itself to our linear personalities.

I would not recommend this place for children; especially small children. It is sensory overload! It also feels dark and demonic. Not at all where you’d want to take a child.

What an awesome experience. Not like anything you have experienced. Great imagination at work. Family friendly, plan on at least 2 hours, we needed 3-4 hours to get through it all. 

Meow Wolf was a great experience! I would advise going during the middle of the week, as we went on a Sunday at 10am and the more time we spent there the more packed it got. However, we got to enjoy it for a couple of hours without to many people. Make sure to get in line right when you get there as it takes about 30-40 minutes to even get inside and show your Pre-paid tickets. (DON'T FORGET TO PURCHASE TICKETS AHEAD OF TIME!!) Meow Wolf was an experience like no other, and it was amazing! I can't wait for the Las Vegas one and the Denver one to open up! I love interactive art and love to see how people create art. This is one for the books that everyone experience. 

Very fun immersive experience where you are encouraged to explore and interact with the rooms you encounter as you attempt to piece together the story line that unfolds all around you.  There were people of every age wandering about and having a great time, we made the trip to NM primarily to visit Meow Wolf.  Highly recommended!

I read a few of the one-star reviews. I want to rebuttal the demonic statements and price comments.  First of all, I happen to be a Christian and I'm very much into living out my faith. And I also happen to believe in spiritual warfare. If you label things like pants or playing cards as demonic, this will be too much art for you. Price: the amount of people, time, creativity, and resources this took is why the cost is what it is. In my opinion, people pay way more to go into amusement parks to wait in line for 30 second rides. If you find that worth the money and not this, I do not understand you.  This place is a collaboration of so many things: creative story telling, interactive art installations, craftsmanship, and the freedom to interpret it and experience it however you will. They don't force you through a certain way, and let you choose your adventure. We could have spent the entire day in there if we didn't need to get to our hotel. And that's another point about the price, hours of entertainment. There's also an arcade where I was able to play my favorite games from high school for free. Surreal, mind-blowing experience for us. 

The museums, dining and Canyon Road are all interesting and well worth the time and money, but Meow Wolf is definitely the place to have the most fun in Santa Fe.  This is a great place - sort of Alice in Wonderland meets psychedelic trip meets amusement park fun house combined with multiple art exhibits from local artists.  Allow several hours to explore all of the passages and rooms.  When you thought you have seen everything you find a new area to explore.We were there when it opened at 10 A.M. and it was not crowded, but by noon it was getting very busy.

Some places your wife asks you to go and you think, "well, if I don't, will she kill me in my sleep?" Meow Wolf is not one of those places. This is an extraordinary experience for any man who wants to open the kitchen door and enter a new dimension. This is where you can slide into a washing machine and emerge with a cleansed mind. Meow Wolf is a great place to spend an hour of your time. No doubt you could spend a whole day in there and discover Easter Eggs that are waiting for Meow Wolf aficionados. While the attraction is amazing, getting in the door is not easy. Do yourself a kindness and buy your tickets in advance on your mobile phone. When you get to Meow Wolf, there are two lines. One is for folks who bought tickets in advance on their phone. That is the good line. The other line is for the schmucks who have to wait to buy a ticket in person. But those poor schlepps can't buy a ticket until everyone in the advance line has been through Meow Wolf. I had a great time. When I get home, I want to rebuild my house so it has secret rooms, disguised doors, and fire breathing dragons. My wife is not amused.

We were with a group of six (mature adults in our 50's). One of the people in our group purchased tickets in advance. I shared the article with them in the American Airlines magazine. To say the least, we were extremely looking forward to the entire experience. So, lets start at the beginning. When we arrived, we entered into the line for advanced purchase tickets. Only, the direction sign for the line had been moved. The person behind the counter rudely told us to get in the right area. Then, we realized what had taken place and adjusted the sign. When we finally were told to approach the counter, one of our friends asked about checking our coats. He then yelled at her that we need to handle the wrist bands first and we will get to the coat check afterwards. She looked at me with wide eyes and under her breath said, "I just asked". Ok.. so everyone has a bad day. But, we were treated like unruly children and rudely addressed for no apparent reason. The person behind the desk also said it was a self guided tour. **NOT the case at all!!! However, we made the best of it and meandered through the house. We realized in the beginning that trying to "solve the mystery" would not happen as there was really no guidance. The inside also seemed "dirty" or "unclean". We did spend a few hours admiring the artwork and unique visual effects. We ended the exhibit with a positive frame of mind and appreciation for the work. We exited into the gift shop around 3:30pm. At this time, we thought it would be great to try a cocktail. We'd all read how unique the bar area is and that it was a "must visit". The sign on the wall stated the bar opens at 4pm. Okay.. no problem. Or, not??? There were people sitting at the bar enjoying some of the unique cocktails. When we inquired about the serving time, we were told there is a strict 4pm serving time. When we asked about the people sitting at the bar, we were told, "well.. they're special"!! In other words, we're not. But, still.... ok... we were there and we waited. At 10 minutes until 4pm we asked if they could write down our order and at least start working on it. We were told a firm NO. Really??? Poor and rude service.. Then, rude "no service" .. only for special people. Don't waste your money unless you like being treated horrible and want a very disappointing experience. If they do expand to Vegas, they're going to have to kick it up a notch. More than anything, we were hugely disappointed!!

If you’re expecting art, then not so much.  There is a cool mystery to the initial concept that wears off after about 10 minutes.  Then it’s a mess of people wandering around. In the dark with a lot of low light effects.  The drop off from the high concept to the silly/common is pretty sudden and then I just wanted to get out and wash my hands.  This will soongo the way of rain forest cafe and be considered a Chuck E. Cheese.  Skip the upsell 3D glasses.

Enter a psycadelic (drug free) trip gone right at this 22,000 square foot immersive multimedia art dreamland, as you try to solve a cryptic mystery. The space is housed in a past bowling alley owned by Game of Thrones creator George R.R. Martin, but luckily, this fantasy world - the brain child of 150 artists - is free of GOT gore, instead possessing captivating layers of fantasy, wonder and a sprinkle of creepiness. Because of this, Meow Wolf has achieved the difficult feat of being a captivating experience for both adults and children - our five year old could have been there all day. This is a Santa Fe MUST. Tip: Don’t be dissuaded by the line, it’s almost always there. But to minimize your wait time, buy your tickets online and arrive around 8:30am before it opens. And they’re closed Tuesdays.

This place was pretty cool but it was so crowded any hope of following the mystery was lost. However, I was impressed with the size and scope of the place.  So much work went into this and many rooms took our breath away when we walked into them.

How can one describe an event that is beyond explanation. My three grandchildren came to visit us and we took everyone to Meuw Wolf. After three hours, they were so enchanted that they reluctantly agreed to leave, but only for lunch. We did many things things while they were here but Meow Wolf was by far the best event they experienced. Back at home, it was all they could talk about at school. If in Santa Fe, New Mexico be sure to set aside time for Meow Wolf!

The venue is impressive in how large it is and the sheer amount of display and detail. The layout and secret passages are neat. I found employees to be disinterested and less than friendly, perhaps trying too hard to add to the mystere.

Meow Wolf is an incredible experience that you just need to have for yourself at least once.  It is difficult to put into words what this place is.  Unlike other art museums you are encouraged to touch, crawl and truly interact with everything around you.  Walk through the refrigerator, crawl through the fireplace or slide through the dryer to find hidden rooms.  Touch things to change the lighting or music.  There are too many things to put into words.  I spent at least 2 1/2 hours there and I probably didn't see everything.Suggestions: Spend the extra $1 to get the 3d glasses.  They are not needed but definitely enhance the experience. If you go with a group make sure you have a way of contacting one another (i.e. text) as you will lose each other at some point.There are some rooms that will likely be an issue for those prone to seizures.  They do post warnings for some of the rooms with strobe lighting or other factors but if you have a serious sensitivity to changing lights and music this is probably not the best place for you.

This organization started as an artist collective and has grown over the years. You will not be disappointed. Especially the  kids and parents. You just go around finding rooms and dead ends some times. The visuals here are out of this world. Neon, LEDs, lights everywhere. It is an usual experience for all ages. Little ones may be a bit scared at all the motion at the display. But don't forget to get your fill of IPA New Mexico beers. Can't really describe it just go and hang out. Food trucks outside. Truly the most unique place in Santa Fe. Enjoy!

I think people like this attraction because it is different, unique.  And although it is a collaborative effort by many artists, it is really a kind of weird maze.  If it were $10, I would say it was worth it.  But at $25/ticket, it is really expensive for what it is...  Also, although it says it is for all ages, I would say you are inviting disaster unless you are attached to kids under 6 and those 75 and above probably won't want to crawl under things or step on the uneven surfaces presented here and there.  Also, although we were told there were staff inside who could direct you to an exit, reunite you with the rest of your party if you separated etc...we saw only two staff in our entire tour of an hour.  That said, if you are ages 8-40, you'll probably get a kick out of it.  I just don't think it is as incredible as all the hype in the advertisements.

Clearly a popular place, but sadly it didn't really resonate with me. It just looked like a lot of weird stuff glued to various surfaces. If you appreciate the "power of a strong narrative", this might not be the place for you. I appreciate the effort put into building the place, but it's not going to be for everyone.That said, I expect it might be a hit with kids, who can run around and let themselves get overstimulated for hours on end.

I'm sure this is a cool adventure--if you have the time and space to fully experience it. Unfortunately, we visited on a holiday weekend and after standing line for 40 minutes (even though we already had tickets) we got to enter a very, very crowded house. It was difficult to horn one's self into any particular room--let alone read the clues or do any investigating. There were traffic jams in virtually every passage and all the "secret" doors has a steady stream of people coming and going through them at all times. After a couple of hours of enduring the Disney-like crowding, I could no longer take it.

I took my two twenty something grandsons to Meow Wolf.  They enjoyed it, but I would not spend the time of money to return.  It is kitchy, but did not call to me.  I am not sure what all the fuss is about.

My husband and I visited without doing our research.   It is interesting, but not something I would have visited if I had researched it more.   Far too abstract for my taste.  It is very unique.

Don't get me wrong, what the creators of Meow Wolf did was extraordinary, they turned an old bowling alley into a 50-room wonderland that you could explore through different doorways, ladders, stairs, and secret passages. When they got it right, it was the absolute coolest thing ever - secret doors, interactive music, cool nooks and alcoves to sit and absorb the whole scene. But... there is so much that is just not that. There's rooms that are just shag carpet and odd decor and to some that may be enough but I had hoped for more. Think my expectations were just too high (it was on my top 3 list of things to do on my visit to Santa Fe) and just wanted "more" of the interactivity. It got a little frustrating going into room after room and turning every lever, pushing every button, and only 1% of the time having something cool happen. I know everything can't be a magical wow but had just wanted a little more of it. That said, Meow Wolf is really cool and worth doing, maybe just don't have high expectations and then you'll be blown away by everything there that they did right (which was a lot). There is also a "mystery" that you can figure out that adds another dimension to the experience, but we opted to roam from room to room and not focus on the mystery. Two pieces of advice - the 3D glasses didn't really do much to add to the experience except in one particular room with colorfully painted animals on the wall. Also, plan ahead to make sure you don't come on an evening when they have a concert as certain rooms will be closed off for the show.

Of all the things that we saw on a cross-country trip, this was by far our favorite. Our son is still talking about Meow Wolf two months later and says he wants to go back. Being able to crawl through a washing machine or walk through a fridge or use your hands to open doors (like Star Trek) was lots of fun. We also liked that it as open late, so we didn't feel rushed to explore all of the different nooks and crannies.

Hard to explain, but - if you like the idea of going into a crazy huge room full of mystery and opening a fridge, to discover its a secret slide into another room - I tried. 

Fun creative activity with teens. A bit too open ended without clear clues. Crowded detracting from the experience. More fantasy and not science based or deductive. 

Probably enjoyable if you are under 7 or on drugs. And I thought all the hippies had moved to Taos.....

I have no words to describe this place. Went on Memorial Day weekend while the line was out there door before even opening it did not feel crowded whatsoever. We explored for three hours and was not bored once. Loved that there was a dance party in the middle of all of. My 2 year old daughter loved it just as much as I. Cannot wait to go back again!!! At the end we went into the arts and craft room and my daughter was able to create something to bring home with here as a souvenir.

What to say about the ever so “Instagram famous” Meow Wolf. First of all I did go during the recent holiday weekend and it was packed! There was a 40 person deep line to buy tickets and we parked in a nearby business park as that was the closest parking. The one good thing is we bought the tickets beforehand so we walked right in to get our wrist bands. Entering the attraction we realized just how crowded the often cramped space was. Kids running around and people packed back to front as you tried without direction explore the space. There were probably several hundred people in the space. Especially in the bedroom areas there would be 20 people in it. The amount of people can’t be safe as you could feel the temperature was not room temperature. Meow wolf really needs to figure out if the want to be a children’s museum or the “adult amusement park” or interactive art exhibit they claim. It’s far too many people and they are letting young children in that ruin the experience and create a dangerous environment in the case of an emergency. From other locals who I know who have been I know the experience is better when it is not overly crowded when you can follow the story and appreciate the details because the creators really did put extreme amounts of effort into the installation. If it’s crowded might as well turn around the $22 a person will be a waste of your money.

We had a lot of fun at Meow Wolf.  We had our infant with us, and were not able to try to figure out the mystery, but enjoyed the creative exhibits.  Our six month old enjoyed the colorful displays and being able to touch many of the exhibits.

Out of this world and a great experience. It was very unique and i have never been i a place like this before. It was interactive and should spend the extra dollar for the 3d glasses. I would recommend this to my friends.

Fantastic and whimsical! Loved the interactive art instillations, and creativeness of the artists. Very busy and gets warm with all those bodies, but half the fun is watching the faces of those around you, especially the kids and the young at heart. Loved the bag check feature (and glad we left our electronics behind too) as there are some very tight fits at times. Most of the instillation is part of a mystery/hunt to be solved. 

We were with family in Santa Fe for Memorial Day weekend.  Some of them had been here before and felt we REALLY needed to see it.  Wasn't sure what we were going to (especially since they were very vague about it) but was up for the adventure.  It was pretty crowded for the holiday weekend and needed to wait in line even though we had purchased ticket in advance.  As it was so crowded, it was hard to truly understand what we were "supposed" to do (apparently there is a mission to solve a mystery while reading clues).  I had no idea what we were doing so just wandered through the exhibit.  It was pretty cool to see and very creative but have to admit - I just didn't "get" the appeal.  And - some of the rooms left me & a few others in our party with a major headache.  Glad I saw it to say I was there but not sure how to explain it or if I'd recommend it.

Meow wolf is a unique place.   We went on the recommendation of friends.  It is rather expensive for a 2 hour experience but many might think it is money well spent; my wife and I did not.  We are early 70's so may be considered by many as ol' fuddy duddies.   We found the site unique, odd, and sort of interesting.  The most interesting part to me was the fact that there were 100's there, each paying a goodly amount of money, to see something with no real purpose other than to make money.   It looked like a gold mine to me.

A visual smorgasbord for sure. Wish there had been fewer people and more time so we could follow the story. Loved the perception bending psychedelic atmosphere!

Straight off, I'm not the usual visitor. I'm 75 and not as nimble as before. But I enjoyed myself the first hour and a half, caught up in the phantasmagorical atmosphere. It's such a diverse presentation. Part of it seems to be nostalgia for the 70s--a very ordinary looking house with typical-seeming fridge, stove, fireplace, etc. until you realize you can go through these like Alice through the looking glass. And the young people were most kind and not the least bit tacky about it--on a couple of occasions offering my husband and me a helpful hand as we struggled up from the ground. Not as noisy as you might imagine, but I wearied of it after a couple of hours. The one thing that truly bothered me is that we were supposed to be given a premise for the adventure--the family that lived in the house for some reason had left in a hurry. Why? the trip through the room offers you hints--or so I learned when I got out--too late to do me much good. Still, I'm very glad I went although I saw a humbler installation of somewhat the same nature done by Kansas artist Justin Marable that enjoyed as much and for free at the Lawrence Arts Center.

This is a pretty cool immersive art exibit. We went on a Monday afternoon in February and it was packed.  So, I assume it's always busy.  We would have enjoyed it more without the crowds.  And, it's fairly expensive.  It was $47 for two and we were only there for about an hour.  There really is a lot to see and it's a very unique experience.

Not a musuem, but a constantly changing art installation.  It solidifies Santa Fe's place in the world as the Disneyland of art.  If you like cheap thrills and need a place to dump the kids off to keep them busy, then this is the place for you.  If you're looking for substance or meaning to your art experience, then save your money and go to Museum Hill.  I can't believe they are expanding to Denver and Lost Vegas with this stuff.  I give it five years max and then it will be an empty building again.

This by itself would justify a trip to Santa Fe!  You enter through a normal-seeming house and are swept into a variety of different worlds.  There is a mystery to be solved, but my wife and I were happy just to wander around through all the different levels and settings.  What fun!

This was a really cool,unique experience, but don’t go in thinking you just look passively at stuff! Pay attention from the first step in, read the mail in the mailbox, and look at EVERYTHING you can! I didn’t get that at first, & I was halfway through before I got a glimpse of the real story. These artists have created something really unique that I think kids to grandparents will enjoy.

You have to really be into weird and pretentious to love this place. ..and probably pretty young and for sure, agile.  We gave this a second chance because we thought our first impressions may have been way off.  Be sure to look over the website carefully before you waste time on Meow Wolf...especially if you are short of time. In our opinion it is over sensory trash....kind of like being inside the psychedelic trips you used to see in the old hippy-era movies.   Anyway, others love this.  Just make sure it is for your own family and values before you waste time or spend your hard earned $ on it.

We found this site on Trip Advisor so we checked it out.Fun place and a bit odd which made it a little more fun. We wondered around and tried to hit everything, I think we did. some of the displays and interactions were ok, other stuff a lot of fun.We would recommend it.

Just an awful mess. In my opinion there was nothing to recommend this dump. Not clever, artistic, fanciful or fun. Avoid it.

It is hard to describe, how can you relay an experience?! You gotta go check this place out!! Went with friends and had no idea what to think or expect and WOW!! GO TO MEOW WOLF!

I can see where a nine year old would enjoy this.  This 47 year old and her friends did not.  That was a waste of $84 in a matter of 20 minutes.  

I was really looking forward to checking out this place that everyone was talking about. Perhaps my expectations were too high? Anyhow, it was lost on me. Lots of kids and families seemed to be enjoying it, though. Just not my cup of tea. Very strange, psychedelic "art" space with funky music. A little pricey admission in my opinion. But, like I said, lots of others LOVE IT!  

We had a great time exploring Meow Wolf's far out rooms. While we didn't make much progress figuring out the mystery, we loved climbing through the refrigerator, making music from laser beams, checking out the underwater space capsule, and wondering how we would have found our way out without help! A fantastic Santa Fe experience alongside the usual hiking and gallery hopping.

I want to give some tips that I wish I had known before we visited Meow Wolf:* Do not bring a purse.  You will want your hands free to explore, go through tunnels, etc., and I saw people's purses being very much in the way for them.* Do bring waterless soap in your pocket as people are sneezing and coughing, then touching things.  Use regularly during your visit.  This is a very hands-on place.* Get there early in the day to allow plenty of time* Buy your tickets online before you arrive.  If it is busy, they have a separate line for those with pre-purchased tickets.  The line was half an hour long when we were there during spring break week.* Avoid weekends if possible* Closed on Tuesdays* Do bring your phone or camera to take photos as this is a very fun experience you will want to document to remember* As stated, this is fun for all ages but adults can enjoy solving a mystery while you are there.  Start by reading the information in the mailbox when you first enter the exhibit.  There are employees in white jackets throughout the display that you can ask for help and/or clues.  My adult daughter and husband absolutely loved the mystery.  We spent 6.5 hours and they still didn't solve it.* Step out to the restaurant for food and water if you are there for hours.  It is reasonably priced and will revitalize you to enjoy your stay more thoroughly.As others have said, this is fun for all ages. I mean, who doesn't like to find hidden doors and passageways to walk through?  Children will just have a very different experience than a teen or than an adult going through this experience.  We saw many people who had no idea there was a mystery to solve.  They just had fun walking through and exploring and were done in a couple hours.  Kids have fun and can probably stay a couple hours as well.  Then there are those adults who have to search out clues and try to explain what they are finding - now those folks best arrive early in the day to allow plenty of hours for digging out clues.  Great place for adults to feel like kids again.

Meow Wolf is such an imaginative & wonderful place to visit. Be aware : there is a book in the "living room", the 1st room, that gives you background on what this experience is about. That will give it more significance. We didn't know about this, had fun anyway, but others told us after that reading the book adds to the fun. I don't KNOW, but I'm guessing you might be able to find that info online. There are many more rooms than we knew about, also.Meow Wolf is great for kids as well as adults. It's a really good family activity.

I took my 7 yo not knowing what to expect. We arrived at 10 when it opened to a line out the door. It is a fantastic place that words just fail to describe. We went back in the afternoon and it was even busier. I recommend they limit the amount of people in the exhibit at one time. Not sure what fire code is but at times you couldn't move or turn around. So go early.

We went there since the reviews were phenomenal , it is nothing as i expected, it was weird, psychedelic even, our 6 years old was terrified half of the location inside the museum, my 10 years old were ok.it is pretty expensive, for a family of 5 you can easily throw 70$ on this, it is ~2 hours, but i mistakenly thought it was kind of activity museum, which is clearly now.at the end there is craft room, but they tell you to "donate" money to the kids could play there, seriously, you just charged us 70$ dollar to enter, you want more money for the kids to do some drawing? how rude, we skipped it..i would stay away if you have kids, it maybe worth 50% of the money it cost.

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return is an experience like no other and truly it is impossible to describe. Walk into a full-size Victorian house with all of the fittings and trimmings and, as you meander, encounter parallel universes through unexpected portals. There is a narrative to the experience that can be entered in a variety of ways, or you can choose to simply enjoy the creative playfulness and exuberance of this inhabitable art project. Don't miss it if you are anywhere near Santa Fe.

We stumbled on Meow Wolf in a hotel tourist brochure rack and I'll so glad we did!  Meow  Wolf is hard to describe but the best I can do is that it's a wonderfully creative, mystery maze that you can explore to your heart's delight. It is certainly nothing like you've ever experienced before. I would, however, not recommend it for anyone with mobility issues or strollers as it involves numerous steps, some close quarters,and  unusual entries.  That being said, I'm 64 and not the most agile person on this earth and I enjoyed it thoroughly so just be forewarned. (There are ways to avoid these issues but it will limit your experience somewhat.) We spent about 2 hours there but you could certainly spend a lot longer. I will be to Meow Wolf on my next visit to Santa Fe and every time thereafter. It's that wonderful!

We are clearly in the minority here but really can only describe this experience as bizarre -- and not in an amusing way. Interesting concept but not our thing. And not at all what we expected. We commented several times throughout that it would probably make more sense after consuming some mind altering substances. But hey - for all who enjoyed it so much - to each his own. Just not our thing.

5 of us went to Meow Wolf. We ranged in age from 83 to 26.  We arrived from both coasts, one local and one from the mid west.  The 83 year old's comment - "It was like Disney World meet Carlsbad Caverns". (Not a complement"  I felt it was like The Rain Forest Cafe meets meets a bunch of bad thesis projects.  Not impresses, the 26 year old comment - it was poorly rendered.  Would have loved being one of the artists and it looked like they had fun creating it , but we all found the event over rated.

We are two grown ups 60+ and we  were intrigued and delighted by this interactive house/ art/ story installation... Three days later I can't stop thinking about the place... A must St see for any one any age when u are in the Santa Fe area,!!

Three of us (two older, one younger) paid a visit to Meow Wolf after some anticipation.  Many people say The House of Eternal Return defies description, which it pretty much does.  The walk-through experience was installed by a sizable crew of artists, and there is quite a bit to it.  Much of it is quite clever and some of it is simply about bright colors and black light effects, which are fun nonetheless.  To experience it correctly, the idea is to work your way through the environment looking for clues to a murder.  There are realistic-but-fake newspapers to read and notebooks to go through.  It can be a lot of, well, work, to follow through with this diligently, since the many sights and gimmicks in the place beckon.  As for us, we started out looking for clues but pretty much stuck to simply exploring around the whole installation.  The ingenuity that has gone into The House of Eternal Return is to be commended.  Still, one word that I have not seen to describe it is "funhouse".  Now, I know that the House of Eternal Return is intended to be experienced on various levels and it's considered to be an art installation, so I don't use the term "funhouse" dismissively.  The day we went, there were lots of children there, running through it and climbing on things.  For the youngsters, it is enjoyed as a funhouse.  I think most folks work their way through it inquisitively, simply looking to find what's around the next corner.  The House of Eternal Return is entertaining and often clever but don't expect to read too much into it.  I hope it holds up over time since it sees a whole lot of foot (and hand) traffic.  A favorite of visitors is the refrigerator that you can walk through; however, it struck me as a little disturbing as I watched four-year-olds open the refrigerator door and enter it.The House of Eternal Return is partially wheelchair-accessible.  It is constructed on several levels so wheelchairs can only maneuver the bottom level, the rest of it requiring stairs; some up to code but others are narrow or twisting as part of the creative environment.In the end, The House of Eternal Return is probably worth checking out, although I think the attraction's admission prices are too steep for what it is.  There is an effort to make parts of Santa Fe more "edgy" and attractive to young people, and the Meow Wolf concept is a part of that.  Still, it pales in comparison to all the actual culture, art, architecture, and more traditional allures of what Santa Fe offers.

After reading this place is one of the top things to do in Santa Fe, we had to check it out.  The whole visit actually felt like someone was playing a big joke on us.  We actually asked one of the "agents" what we were supposed to be doing.  Basically a bunch of people walking around taking pictures of uninteresting pop art displays.  Except for the occasional hidden door, there was nothing of any interest.  And at almost $20 a ticket, my recommendation would be save your money.  Super lame sums it up!  My daughter said they should pay you to go through it.

Trying to describe Santa Fe’s latest art addition, Meow Wolf, is like trying to describe a color.  Unlike any other art experience I’ve encountered, Meow Wolf has layers of experience.  One enters after watching a sci fi briefing video to find a full size house in the dark.  Walking into the house begins the adventure with the instant feeling of intruding and then realizing the more interaction, the more surprises there are.  The biggest faux pas in visiting someone else’s kitchen, looking in the fridge, reveals a passage to a completely different space area.  Layered on the myriad areas to explore is the story of a family and a mystery that befell them.  Video snippets punctuate the extensive space tying together their story.  Secret doors, spiral staircases, musical encounters (a harp shooting lines of light into the air that can be plucked by running one’s hands through the air across the light strings), whimsical landscapes, define this unusual space.  Meow Wolf has sought to fill an open spot in Santa Fe’s art experience and with the help of George R Martin (Game of Thrones writer and Santa Fe resident) purchased an abandon bowling alley for this massive art experience.  I found myself wanting to know more about the conceivers of this concept; was it a brilliant mind, an insane mind, replication of a dream state or prompting more curious behaviors.  It seems the experience captures all of these things while broadening one’s mind, and prompting curious behaviors to trump social protocols.  I don’t want to give away too many specifics because personal discovery is the magic of Meow Wolf.  Wristbands purchased for admission are good all day so visitors can leave and come back the same day if desired.  Wearing good walking shoes, comfy clothing to crawl through fireplace openings and other obscure places is a good plan.  Great for all ages.

Rate your self from 0-10 on the following characteristics. If the question is not applicable, score a 0. Total your score.What I miss most about my high school years is black light paint  ____I love found art, but I think I would like it better in the dark ___I think art needs to have a plot line ___I love being in crowded, dark spaces ___I like reading in the dark with people waiting behind me to read the same thing ___I visited the Guiness Factory Tour in Dublin and had the best time of my life ___Science fiction is my thing ____I don’t mind not knowing which way to go ___I don’t mind driving around in circles looking for parking ___I love sharing crowded, dark spaces with overexcited children ____What was your score? If you scored —-More than 110 points, you should definitely go to Meow WolfBetween 100-110 points, you should consider going to Meow Wolf, but not during Spring Break100 points or less —- hard pass

One of the best things we did in Santa Fe. If you have not been to Meow Wolf it is an immersive art experience. Very cool! This is better than the one in Vegas in my opinion. 

Meow Wolf is full of things that I don’t care for but she wanted to go.  Of course I went.  I’m glad I did!  The total package was amazing and indescribable.  Whether or not you want to, go.

Someone should mention that they are pushing people through here like cattle. Very crowded and I opted to turn around and get a refund. They are pushing mass people through here every 20 mins. Not very safe Covid practice going on here IMO.

Very expensive for nothing more than a county fair fun house.  It was very crowded- such a disappointment.  Employees were obnoxious!  Yuck!!!

This exhibit is really set up for millennials. Their internet was down and without it it was just a lot of flashing lights with some interaction with the lights and sounds.

Enjoyed it a lot, discover, open doors, touch everything, experience with your hands, eyes, ears. Hard to describe but really worth it 

We were so excited we managed to get tickets!  We had been trying for a month and finally got lucky while driving to Santa Fe!  This is absolutely worth your time and so much fun for the littles!  We found the hamster too!  There are lots of hidden doors so make sure you open the refrigerator, cupboards, etc.  We had a blast and can’t wait for the one to open in Denver.

pictures cant do it justice - we went on a whim as my daughter recommended and we were getting ready to head out of town.  it was $25 to get in - you could spend 5 hours, leave and come back later that night - I found the price not too expensive.  Im so glad that people spent the time to transform JUNK into art - I especially liked playing music on the laser like strings.  this is fun for all ages - lots to look at - it is an ADULT FUN HOUSE - as to the comments saying they "wish they were younger and high" then they would enjoy it - well they would be mistaken - I remember when star trek first came out and how FAR OUT that was - Art is subjective..   Transforming a school bus like that was pretty cool

Meow Wolf is like no place you have ever been. It truly is a living piece of Art! We have got several times and honestly we have enjoyed it more with each visit. A Must!

Perhaps I am too old and impatient for this but I have been to Wonderspaces and this does not hold a candle to it.  The mystery is incredibly hard to solve which I guess is good for the place because it keeps people coming back.  

If you have children or grandchildren this is a must.  The mix of interactive spaces is ingenious. There are moments of joy for all ages. 

This is a fun place that lets you just wander and explore - very creative.  We didn’t really get the mystery you are  supposed to solve - kinda techy odd - but we appreciated the house and design.  Warning: it gets super crowded and kids will ruin the fun because they run around revealing the clues and then you lose the element of surprise.  Wish they had an adults only hour. Get tickets in advance and try to get in the front of your time slot.

Cool place.  Hard to explain, but fun and interesting.  Cool to explore and look at many different rooms and set ups. 

Went there and found it boring.  Many friends recommended it.  Perhaps it is better for young children & teenagers but for adults, no, IMO. Better to make a reservation so there is not wait.

We enjoyed the exhibit, but it's but pricey for what it is. We are both 60 and liked it, would be really great for younger people.

OMG, it is so awesome. 2+ hours to see. It was so much fun, no matter your age. Make sure you reserve tickets. Afternoon is difficult to get in w/o them. There are so many different experiences. Cost very reasonable compared to Las Vegas shows. It would be 4 times the amount in Nevada.

We visited the Meow Wolf museums with our teenage sons and their grandparents. It was a different experience from a traditional museum. I would describe it as going into a surrealistic painting. Definitely worth it.

EVERYONE told us we needed to go here. So we paid the high prices (as out of state visitors) and enjoyed all of the creative works. This place was great for all ages, provided you are still able to bend over, crawl, and squeeze through skinny spaces. You have the freedom to explore everything in any order. This frees up any congestion, but makes it much more difficult to unravel the general plot of 'the family whom discovered the multiverse.' Some of the painted pieces that can be touched are not kept and are therefore losing their luster. The speakers overlap from different exhibits which make the sounds fight each other (for example you can be standing in a 'hypnotic' room trying to experience what the artists created, but it's difficult because the neighboring exhibit has bird calls carrying over into the 'hypnotic room. All of the wonderful imagination put into this art is sure to inspire. I  wish there was more recognition of the artists and some more information so children could bring all those creative ideas into thoughts about a multiverse to take home.

This is one of the most creative immersive experiences we’ve ever come upon. It’s simply brilliant. Worth every penny of admission. Be sure to give it a good 2 1/2 hrs because you’ll shortchange yourself if you don’t. Open every door you come upon because what lies beyond is rather mindblowing! Don’t know that we’d recommend this for very young children, those who cannot walk steps, and those who get overstimulated quickly.

Had heard great things . Wasn’t sure what to expect. It is pretty much like a fun house. Some hokey things like TVs and arcade games plastic things glued here and there. Cardboard things painted with poster paint. Buttons to push that didn’t do much . The dinosaur bones you could play were cool. For 30$ each we were both left asking is that it? did we see it all? Different? Yes but that’s was it.

The whole expereince is highly overated and way, way overpriced!. The exhibits or sensory areas are extremely worn and in some instances non functioning. Some areas smelled sweaty and musty. The "3D" parts were minimal and not worth the money you pay. Which for the $2 you pay is saying alot. Unless you are really into this kinda stuff I would save my money.

This is a must see at least one time just because it is so crazy creative. And crazy is an operative word. It’s hard to describe, and while you may not like the artwork, you won’t be bored. 

Didnt know what to expect but was taken there by a relative whilst on holiday. Was told that there was a mystery to solve and that there were many many subtle clues to be put together. Hmmm not sure about that ,,,I think the answer is whatever you want it to be......This is definitely an eclectic sensory experience but in a college project way (on a grand scale) rather that a Disney type experience. Some will love it some will hate it. I came out rather bemused...

It is hard to describe this art/interactive/somewhat-psychedelic experience with any kind of accuracy. It just has to be experienced to be understood! Our group of 50 somethings found it fascinating, fun and full of surprises! It's like nothing you've ever experienced before and a memorable way to spend a few hours in Santa Fe. Have a meowgharita at the bar, adopt a childlike curiosity and just enjoy going down the rabbit hole!

It is very difficult to describe what this place/experience is…  Some compare it to a computer game, others to nerdy or immersive art, as only good for stone people, a sensory overload (especially for small children), akin to a carnival fun house, interactive experience, Ripley’s Believe it or Not, a gory wax museum, nonsensical, kitschy, escape room,…………………….  I describe it as going down the rabbit hole in the complete chaos of Alice in Wonderland where nothing is ever what it appears to be.  To appreciate, one must let go of trying to make sense of it all and just enjoy, feel, sense.   I was with a 75-year-old who absolutely loved it because he enjoyed it like a kid would, without pretense or pre-conceptions.  I was also with an adult engineer and it was very difficult for him to let go.  He had to figure out where he was and the meaning of…  The young ones were leading parents around in many instances, freer to follow the influence of the flow.  It is definitely non-linear – very difficult to tell if you have seen it all, if you are seeing it again, what you may have missed, the links between anything?  From nearly normal Victorian home to Star Trek like ship or from deep jungle to black and white cartoons you never know where the next portal leads you until you are upon it.  From bus to tree or psychedelic colors to the house of mirrors…  It can get a bit overwhelming but there are many places to sit and wait it out.  Crystals glow in the dark.  You touch them and music begins or did it?  Who/what actually started the music?  Try again to discover cause and effect.  Red lasers in a foggy dark room that play notes when ‘touched’, fridge door leading you into another world, sliding down a washing machine, illuminated mushrooms, live ‘critters’ walking, playing music, dancing, or just watching you…Not sure how folks with kids manage this.  I had a difficult time keeping up with the adult that was with me!!!  So many ways to visit this maze – so many directions and choices.  Difficult to know if you’ve seen it all.With all the plush toys, carpets, fabrics, I cannot see how it is possible to keep this place clean.  I would not go during flu season…  Yikes…Audio tour for $4.99 wasn’t offered to us when checking in, so we didn’t know about it.  Neither did we know about the app to help reveal some of the secrets of Meow Wolf.  Not for everyone – rooms with flashing lights have warnings on their door before entering…  Beware for some who can be affected by them…Didn’t have tickets for the four of us.  Just walked in mid-week in October.  There was no waiting, no crowd, early in the morning…  Wouldn’t want to be here waiting in line and fighting a crowd for everything there is to see.  I wouldn’t have stayed.  There was a crowd when we left a couple of hours later.Don’t bother with the additional $1 for the supposed 3D glasses.  Not worth it at all, just extra stuff to carry around and worry about.  Most folks let go of them really quickly…In the nearly two hours I was there, I never saw a person in white coat ready to answer any question, as they advertise there would be.  I loved that in the end, at the gift shop, there was a washing machine full of socks for sale!  Clever and fun…

This attraction got mostly great reviews on TA so I was curious to see what it was all about.  There were some interesting/creative rooms and a mystery to be solved.  However, after 10 minutes, all four of us in my group were bored and no longer cared.  If the weather is too bad to go hiking and you have finished all your sightseeing and shopping, then you may want to give this a try.  If you do plan on going, make sure to make a reservation.

Before I went to Mewl Wolf, I bought a timed entry ticket for afternoon admission. (And I was really glad I did. The line of those who'd not pre-purchased timed tickets was loooooong.)Once inside, you exchange your ticket for an entry bracelet, and you can get 3-D glasses that make the ultraviolet colors you'll see pop. Then, you're off to explore.I don't know how to describe this experience. When you first walk in, it looks as though you are on a suburban street. There's astroturf underfoot. You see house fronts and porches. But it becomes clear, rather quickly, that all is not what it seems. It's almost as if the barrier that separates dimensions has been dissolved somehow, and there are places where you can punch through to alternate realities. I walked through the back of a fridge and found myself in a wormhole. I slid down a dryer into an inter dimensional forest. I saw a crawl space, went though it, and exited through a fireplace in someone's living room. I played music on the glowing, fossilized bones of a mastodon.All through the facility, there are clues to the story behind this place - videos, papers, photos, news clippings, etc. I spent some time piecing together the story, but mostly I just threw myself into the experience and tried to make sure I saw the whole thing. (There are moments when you'll think to yourself, "Have I seen 30% of this place? 50%? 10%? The rooms and hallways fold in on one another, and it takes a while to orient yourself sometimes.)There are people who will tell you to take drugs before you go to Meow Wolf. I disagree. Meow Wolf *is* drugs. It's the trippiest place I've been, bar none. AND I LOVED IT. I've been to so, so many museums, folks. And this place is utterly unique.If you go, plan to spend around 3 hours there, at least. Wear clothes and shoes designed for movement. Pre-purchase a timed ticket so you don't have to wait in line. And HAVE FUN!

What a blast!  Interact and explore everything - that's the experience  - Touch! Touch! Touch! Smell ...  explore and engage in the experience!Be well LipstickWarriors 💋p.s. Glad that my friend and I split up to explore and when we reunited about two hours later.  We were able to show each other rooms and "engagement" that the other had missed! Oh, and remember to purchase your tickets online to schedule your entrance time.  Tickets don't seem to be available onsite - only online.

This is definitely one of the most unique places I've ever visited. It is basically an art installation that you're expected to interact with. You are invited to touch everything and climb all over the building. That being said, it might be challenging and partially inaccessible to people with disabilities. There is a theme or mystery that serious visitors can puzzle over, or you can just go marvel at the kookiness of it all! In any case, don't think to hard; just have fun and play with all the interactive art!

We purchased tickets online well ahead of arrival and had no line to wait in when we arrived.  The check-in process was smooth and very quick.  We entered, but then decided to download the app to find all of the clues.  We didn't have a heap of time to really follow the storyline in the house of eternal return, but it was still interesting none-the-less.  Having been involved in story-lines and set design at haunted attractions for many years, I was in awe of everything that the artists had put together.  It really is overwhelming at first.  Finding all of the "secret passageways" and "hidden" rooms behind seemingly normal doors was a blast.  I'm sure that we didn't even find every one of them, but the ones we did utilize led to some really unique spaces.  You can tell that a lot of love and effort went into building this place.  Each area is unique on its own, but put together it really is something to see.  Highly recommend digging through the papers, opening doors and cabinets and looking in every nook and cranny that you can imagine.  Some areas are extremely tight, some are quite dark, as well.  Areas of the floor are textured, so take care and watch your step.I'm excited to see Meow Wolf Denver open, as we are closer to that area.  We were told it will be almost three times bigger than this location, which makes you wonder just how much imagination that place can hold.

This would have been a lot more fun if we had several hours here to take our turn reading the stories in each room. Otherwise, it was a fun space. 

I know that I'm in the minority, but I did not find Meow Wolf that interesting.  The game was kind of silly.  The artwork was not that impressive.  Overall it was kind of kitschy. The large crowds didn't help.  For the money, it was not worth it.

This place at the most superficial is a feast of visual and other sensory stimulation. If you have the inkling or time you can focus on the clues provided to solve a mystery about a family that had disappeared.

Meow Wolf is one of the coolest art-interactive-story telling activities I have ever done in my life. 2+ hours in, and we weren’t board (just ran out of time). Get in early if you want to go deep with the story, and google some of the fan stuff on YouTube. Prepare so that when you are in there you can go. The story is out of this world. 

DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE!  Words do not describe this one of a kind experience.  Be prepared to spend some time and exert a little energy as you move throughout this awesome interactive experience.

The Meow Wolf is an experience one should visit at least once. It is a fun way to spend a hot afternoon. If you don't want to be around a bunch of children you need to go during the school day. 

This is the most unique, creative, interactive, art experience I've ever seen.  It's got so many elements to see, touch, play with and walk through...like the laser harps...walking into a refrigerator, climbing into a dryer,  finding hidden passage ways and always feeling like there's more to explore and discover.  For everyone who was told "don't touch" - let loose here and touch and turn every door knob (never know where it will lead to), play with every button, have fun feeling like a kid again yet knowing there is a deeper, more profound experience happening.

Meow Wolf was recommended by my nieces, one of them has a friend who helped design the adventure.  For some reason, us seniors could not get a grip about the place, but all the younger people were very excited.

This place is a visual overload. I wish I had known some things prior to starting my experience. To get the most out of the experience, you should start inside the house. The rest will make more sense then. I also did not realize that there were puzzles to be solved in the trippy part of the place. I guess I missed that part. I didn't realize that until I saw someone else solve a puzzle and then have a "ticket" spit out of the wall. I have no idea where you even know where there are puzzles. With that being said, we did everything backwards and no puzzles, but still enjoyed ourselves just playing around with the sound and lights. We spent around 2 hours there, but could have easily spent far longer if we did the mystery/puzzle part of it. My husband was not interested in doing that, but I would have liked to. Parking is very limited there. Expect to have to park on a side street and definitely get your tickets in advance. I am glad that I read about that here and did so. 

I wish England had one! The quirky exhibition is suitable for all ages and the content can be viewed with a range of different approaches. I would recommend going with a small group of people, because with 8 of us, we were often separated. 

We didn't love this place like everyone else did and that could be because of our age. Most of the time we were saying WTF? The artists had to be on hallucinogenic drugs when they made this. Overall, it's a very cool place and experience, just not for us.  

This museum is entertaining for adults and kids. It is very ecclectic, plan to spend at least a couple of hours going through all the secret rooms. Buy tkts on line but be prepared to wait 30 mins or more on a line to get into the museum with prepaid tkt. They will try to see you 3D glasses. I did not think it was worth having them. 

Too many people in the exhibit to properly explore and enjoy it. This problem made it way too expensive. The place was interesting and weird but, we couldn't follow the "story" because of the overcrowding. I also seemed like the whole place was in need of serious cleaning.  If I knew beforehand what I know now, I'd skip the whole thing.

A real underwhelming visit that was not worth the amount of money spent. There was no story to follow. Once through the house, the displays resembled a carnival fun house. They were not interestingly interactive at all. Nothing to stir the imagination. 

A unique, amazing experience! We spent over three hours there, and then spent a couple of hours of Reddit when we got home reading more about the story.

My husband and I (in our late 30s) were so excited to visit this place on our first visit to Santa Fe. All in all, a huge disappointment. We pre-purchased tickets and quickly found out that it really didn’t matter because there were floods of people entering the “house”. Upon check-in we were told to read “clues” to get the full experience. We still have no idea what this was or what we were looking for.  We would’ve loved to have done more investigating, but the hordes of children running around precluded that venture. This place may be considered art in some form to some people, but to us it was nothing more than an overhyped fun house. If you’re above the age of 50 and have limited mobility, don’t go. If you don’t wanna be around a legion of pre-teens, avoid this place. If you wanna waste money, time and patience, by all means attend. 

I was very aprehensive as to whether I even wanted to go to Meow Wolf.  Now I want to move to Santa Fe and WORK there!  I loved every moment!  My only comment is I would add more staff in costume for zany experiences.....just awesome!

Other than the fact that this place was a little crowded it was amazing. I have never seen anything like it before. However make sure and purchase your tickets before you go. I also found out there is a cheaper day for nm residents however the tickets online don't give an option for that.

Hard to understand what this artsy spot is all about without visiting for yourself. Purchase tickets ahead of time because they do sell out. And don’t show up early hoping to get in-they line people up and let them in in order of their arrival, but not before the time on your ticket. It felt kind of like I imagine a 1960s acid trip must have felt. Crazy, wildly painted creations that had no relevance to each other, all in a dimly lit space. If you’ve ever taken your children to a Chuck E. Cheese with the climbing tubes overhead, that’s what it looks like inside. Stairs, alcoves, tunnels...bizarre yet entertaining. I’m glad I saw it but have absolutely no desire to visit again

The place is great, staff was amazing. The timed entry was cool. I would have liked to be able to enjoy it more, but it was crowded. A mother charged down the middle of a hallway, carrying her toddler and almost knocked me down. I’m not kidding. There were some children with no awareness of others and a few entitled parents. I love kids- they are everything, but when you are in such a tight space for that many people, you need to wrangle your little ones. Why wouldn’t you anyway? Safety maybe? And there was absolutely no parking when I arrived. Had to go down the street. Maybe they could have kids hours and adult hours because the two don’t mix in that space. I paid $30 and had to get out of there before I really wanted to. Other than that, it would have been amazing.

It's an art museum and more: something like being dropped into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, Alice's Wonderland and a Wrinkle in Time. Pictures and videos can only hint at what it's like to visit this place. 

What a popular place in the city of Sante Fe , New Mexico.  One of the attractions on the list to go to while our visit to New Mexico.  There was a long line but representatives frequently came out to check on the people in line.  Didn’t know that you could reserve spots.  Very weird but fascinating place to spend 2-3 hours.  Great for kids.  Hard on older folks ( some kneeling, crawling and bending over).All in all good time 

This place was built by dozens of artists who all had a vague central theme and then did what they liked. Meow Wolf was a bowling alley, now converted into some sort of giant, experiential, artistic funhouse. You walk from room to room through passages, up stairs (some quite narrow), down ramps. All the while, you're walking through a very strange landscape. If you're a science fiction fan, you'll recognize the place as having been shattered by some sort of interdimensional calamity, which caused the disconnected nature of the venue. It's as though Buckaroo Banzai's oscillation overthruster exploded and shattered reality. Spend a few hours and you'll probably ferret out many more of the secrets. Our group tired of it in about 90 minutes (two of us are SF fans, two are not), and we all ended up in the snack bar area where you can get refreshments, including the alcoholic kind. Good for kids of all ages.

We were doing a cross-country road trip along I-40.  So glad my cousin talked me into adding a side trip here because it was amazing!First of all, it's in a converted bowling alley, so that right there....  There are numerous food trucks in the parking lot too, if you're hungry.   The place is booming, with kids, high young people and art lovers.  If crowds bug you, this is not the place for you.It's a real experience, with all sorts of art installations to explore.   I don't see spending more than 2 hours here, but you can if you want to.   I enjoyed the heck out of it and I think you will too!

Set aside up to four hours to experience this wonderful sensory museum.  Good for both adults and kids, a very cool creative outing.

Like a fun house for adults (and children) a few hours here was a nice change from everything going on in Santa Fe...incredible amount of detail went into this installation and you can wander around at your own pace....lots of bright colors and imaginative displays....

My husband and I went on the recommendation on my sister and brother in law.  We knew it was an art installation but we weren't sure what to expect. What you need to know: Buy your tickets on line and get the earliest time slot.  We did the 10am and we got in around 10:15.  They let ppl in in waves so its not a cluster in the lobby.  If you are in the bystander line, keep in mind they let ALL of the ppl who bought first in.  Glasses:  We spent $1 for the special 3-D glasses.  I liked and didn't like them . Lots of stimulation sometimes. Go as far back as possible first:  We were in the first wave of ppl, so we got in and made our way as far back as possible first.  This was great because as the day got busier, it was crowded.  Going to the back, no one was there and we got to experience a lot of the installation by ourselves. The Story:  We were going to try the story, but realized really quickly how much stimulation there was and the story was kind of confusing.  We did read about it afterwards, and glad we kind of gave up because its REALLY far out there. Take a Break:  We took a bathroom and drink break, which was much needed for our brains. Touch everything:  Everything lights up, moves, makes music.  Touch is all.  If you are a germ-aphobe, this is not your place.  You will hate it. Rooms:  I wish we had had more time as we would have taken another tour.  Each room is so exciting and then it open to another room and you miss out on the rooms.  The only downfall was they offer an audible version to walk through and listen to the artists take on their pieces.  And one for the story.  But they didn't have headphones for the story one.  I would have liked to do that one. We LOVED it and would go back and can't wait for the Denver and Las Vegas ones to open! The point:  There really is no point.  We liked that is was really brain stimulating and you had to figure out what made music or made lights.  Be open. If you are looking for the "point" of this, you won't like it.

This place is too hard to explain but one of the absolute highlights of our trip to New Mexico!  We sent several hours there and could have stayed more wandering through the fun and intriguing rooms of the house!   If you are in Santa Fe you have to go and you don’t need to know anything else other than it is Amazing and you must see it to believe it!   Enjoy!

This exhibition (museum?) was a surprise, frankly because I didn't know what to expect.  Be prepared to go into the rabbit hole where you walk through a refrigerator, play music on laser "strings," and walk into a bathroom with a warped floor. Adults are outnumbered 4 to 1, with a large teenage presence. Music, sound effects - it's like going to a place where every fantasy movie special effect has been used for maximum experience but with a twist.Located on the site of a former bowling alley, this is the first of several planned across the country. It is a collaboration of about 200 artists, so it's really art from some very clever minds.It's fun; don't miss it.

A wonderland unto itself. Really must go once. Fun to explore. Kids will love this place.We had no idea what this place was. Glad we ventured out.

What a great way to spend a few hours. Experience a range of interactive art exhibits that combine visual arts (objects, lights, mirrors), tactile experiences, and music and other sounds. We didn't engage with any of the stories -- just wandered delightedly in the crazy spaces. It was also fun watching the many ways in which people interacted with the art. Definitely worth a trip if you are anywhere nearby (we came in from Albuquerque).

I took my 85 year old father, I enjoyed it but I'm not sure he was enjoying it as much as I was.  I think its a great place especially for kids, and if you can go with the intention of taking your time and really looking at everything it will make for a much more enjoyable experience.

Very interesting experience although at first I wouldn’t think of going back. Very visually stimulating and stunning! I wasn’t able to solve the mystery but my friend did and explained. Even with as few people that were there, I grew impatient to wait for certain rooms or videos to open up because there was so much to do and see. Lots of fun exploring on my own even though I came with a group of friends. Give yourself at least 3 hours and take some stimulation breaks when you can (there are a number of plain rooms to do that). 

We arrived first thing in the morning and the line was very long. We decided to come back at 4pm. We pre purchased our ticket and were able to get in a shorter line. The wait was about 10 minutes.  Fascinating museum.  Interactive and suitable for all ages.  They will discount admission if you are unable to do stairs. Expect to spend hours.There is a bar/café that you can visit and return to the art installment after a break.  Hard to explain you have to see it to believe it.

Art takes many forms. I was told that my trip to Santa Fe wouldn't be complete without visiting Meow Wolf. So in I went. This is definitely different from other artistic presentations out there. You go through a series of (let's call them) "themed spaces". At one point you will feel like Alice in Wonderland. The experience did overwhelmed me a little. Because of that, I had to take a break from the attack on the senses. This attraction has its people.  Really good place.  Will try again.

There is something here for everyone.  Can't describe it, wouldn't want to try but simply say GO.  Looking forward to going back as it is clear you will see things you didn't the first time.  What a creative place that connects art and culture.  Thank you for a great time!

This place was amazing.  Everywhere we went in Santa Fe everyone recommended it.  I was expecting something with this place and it was completely different and highly enjoyable.  There is no one way to experience this place and it means different things to different people (which is the way I believe it was intended).  I would highly recommend buying your tickets before you arrive so you can queue up in the shorter line.  In addition to that - arriving early is also highly recommended.  We were there fairly early after opening and there were not too many people - which made for a nice experience.  Within an hour or so there were a lot of people to deal with.

I think it was trying too hard to be weird and cool and mysterious. Not as interactive as I'd hoped. It was interesting, but boring. It was too packed to really look at the clues, which were really difficult to find (could be just the amount of people). Meh. 

Meow Wolf will be the next Cirque du Soleil someday. This is the future. Disney better start stealing some of these ideas for their parks.

Evidently, there is an interactive mystery to be solved but here’s a clue for the owners/originators:  make it available to all. I’m reviewing this because I was overly prepared to find it stimulating, waited in a very long line, bought a ticket with NO, let me repeat, NO idea of what it is about? A couple of affable actors interacted with us, could they not have given us a small clue as to how to proceed?  Beyond that, it seemed more dated than edgy, in need of a step up from the original premise.

This is what psychadellic drugs must feel like. It's hard to explain this other than it's an art exhibit that is totally experiential and totally surreal. It's great for both adults and children but don't try and "solve" it. Just let it unfold.

It's a very 'Alice in Wonderland' type mind trip.  Highly recommend you buy tickets ahead.  Even if you weren't sure, you can do that while you're in line.  Just expedite your experience.  There are dim places in there, so little kids might have an issue, but they also open their art room for kids to draw in.  So, check that out in advance.  We had to park down the street, sure the neighbors are not happy about that but it's not tough to get street parking.  

We have been looking forward to a visit to Meow Wolf for some time now. We finally got our chance on a spring break trip to Santa Fe. Unfortunately, this ended up being one of the worst times that we could possibly go, as the place was overrun with other people and screaming kids. We knew that there was a mystery to solve but other people crowded every space and it was not possible to discover all that we needed to find. When you visit, start with the house first. We avoided it at first due to the crowds and started in other areas. These were cool, but we didn't understand what they represented until later when we made our way into the house.The most important tip I can offer it is to find a time to visit when there are minimal other people. There is a lot to discover here, and other people easily ruin surprises. There were several spots where something would open and people would emerge from within. This totally ruined the surprise and sense of discovery for us. Additionally, Meow Wolf offers lots of areas in which you can take awesome pictures. With so many other people around, it became almost impossible to get a picture without random strangers wandering right into the frame.I'm not sure what the best strategy would be for a busy day. We arrived 15 minutes before opening and were greeted with a long line. We ended up waiting for 30 minutes just to enter. We stopped by again at the end of the day and found the line to be a little smaller but still quite full. There are two lines - one for prebooked guests and one for general admission. Both of these lines merged into one line once we got inside, so prebooking likely isn't necessary. Having said that, if you arrive and the prebooked line is shorter, it may be worth it to use a phone to purchase tickets.

Completely full of secret passageways and hidden doors! This is the place to see if you want a completely new and mind blowing experience! Don't hesitate, I loved every minute of it!

I'm just talking about our Meow Wolf experience! The wait was long--about an hour in line, with tickets bought on-line, but we appreciated the periodic updates from the Meow Wolf staff member and the entertainment from the denim clad creature and the Sousaphone serenader while we waited. The free flowing exploration once inside was fantastical and kept us going for a good couple of hours. I felt like we were done and we'd turn a corner and there would be more!Plan to spend some time here! I can't wait for the new Meow Wolf to open in Denver now!

This place is pretty overwhelming on it's own - flashing lights, neon colors, loud music, etc.  When it gets overcrowded, it's just miserable.  There's no way you can enjoy it and figure out the mystery that's supposed to be solved there.  For $100 (family of 4) this is not worth it.  At that cost, they should do timed ticket entry the way that other museums do when they have a popular exhibit so that everyone can actually experience it without getting a headache and wanting to flee.

Really funky place, lots of very unusual stuff inside. We enjoyed it but thought it was more fun for the teen set. Very clever interpretations of art. Something around every corner. Bending, stooping and crawling into small spaces to see things. I am not thinking that it was worth almost $30 to get in. We were done in just over an hour and got lunch dnd came back thinking we missed something but we didn’t. It’s s great spot for the teens to take selfies! 

Finally went to visit the much-talked-about Meow Wolf and was not disappointed! My brother and I had an amazing time, every turn and not-so-ordinary doorway turned into something magical beyond our wildest imagination. Highly recommend visiting Meow Wolf when you're in the Santa Fe area or even taking a day trip to specially visit Meow Wolf! 10/10! 

For your $25ish/PP this is very expensive...too crowded to fully appreciate it and due to heavy use, it's showing its age. The neon forest and treehouse were great but feel the rest of the "art" is way over-rated. While the stage entries, still too many people are admitted.Worth about half of the asking price.  Sorry to dump on the parade.

My husband and I are in our mid 60s and we thoroughly enjoyed the Meow Wolf experience.  It’s an opportunity to immerse yourself in art.  There’s a story you can attempt to decipher or you can just enjoy the experience (I went for enjoyment).  There were several times we thought we had explored every inch of the space only to find another “portal” into another exhibit.  We arrived at 10:00 am when they open and got in easily.  It definitely starts to get more crowded later in the day.  You can purchase tickets on-line that gets you in a little quicker.

I just don’t see what all the fuss is about.  Yes it’s different, very artsy I guess but not with the price of admission.  ($16 for senior). You just walk thru and look at weird stuff, colorful patterns...some inter-active displays.   It’s loud and produces sensory overload.  You’ll see lots of people with multi colored hair, lots of piercings, tattoos galore, dressed weird and maybe other things.  I guess I just don’t get it!

The amazing thing about Meow Wolf aside from the incredible art piece that it is, is that you can embrace it in any capacity you want. You can spend 30 minutes or 30 hours (i know there's only 24 in a day, but I'm pretty sure time flies out the window in this place). If you want to follow the story go for it. If you want to just run around and explore go for it. You can't go wrong.  Just about every door or object is interactive, whether it is walking through a refrigerator or squeezing through a tiny space to enter a brand new room.  There's colors, sounds, lights and just about something to stimulate every sense.Highly recommend for most ages.

If you visit Santa Fe, spend the couple of hours or see a band. This is an amazing work of art to explore and to expand your imagination. 

I just watched the mini doc on the cake room! That was one of my favorite rooms because it’s so beautifully detailed and then I went on an inward journey watching the projection on the lattice. WATCH THE WHOLE THING. I saw the post on bad reviews and I think the people who see it as a hodgepodge fun house reliving days of old for hipster trippers aren’t taking in each room for what it is... a chance to walk directly inside an artists head and live their ideas. Meow wolf isn’t one big mystery to me. In fact, I didn’t even really try to solve anything... I just took every detail in... oh and danced a lot in the room with the loud music. My kids loved that room A LOT

Do not pre buy tickets. Line to buy tickets at the window is faster. We stood in line over an hour and a half. Better yet, skip this place altogether til they set up s timed ticket system.

We went with or son and daughter-in-law. It was pretty cool. Not sure we saw every room. Being an old geezer, maybe I needed a map.

Meow Wolf reminds me a carnival fun house.  So much to explore everything is interactive, feel free to open the fridge and walk through it or slide down the washing machine slide, walk through an underwater neon forest.  Really fun for kids.A few warnings-1.  This place is not handicap friendly.  If you have walking or mobility issues it’s not user friendly.2.  If u have a baby, no strollers are allowed so bring a baby sling.3.  Some of the spaces are very narrow so heavier people may also find some parts difficult.4.  It’s really crowded.I wish they would pre-sell a limited number of tickets for designated times so that only a certain number of people are allowed in at a time.

You haver never done anything like this and you will love it! part art/music installation...part mystery... the storyline is intriguing and exploring the house a feast for all senses. Try to go at a quieter time, there's so much you dont want to miss because of the crowd, although it is also fabulously interactive with other guests if you choose!

The creators of this place were from a different planet apparently. Well conceived, weird, awesome, and I still am not sure what I saw. Make sure to READ whats in the mailbox. That will sort of give you some insight as to whats coming. Once you leave the front lobby and enter into the exhibit you'll see a two story house with a front porch! That'll give you an idea of how big this place is. You go into the house and the adventure begins!!!Give yourself a couple of hours. And from what I've experienced, I'll go back with an app opened on my phone to find all the hidden places. Great fun. Get there early. Be prepared for a line out of the building. This is a popular place.

I stumbled across a letter on the refrigerator and realized that all these cool, funky hidden passageways and rooms were filled with clues—manuals, letters, codes, videos, a couple websites and an app—yes, download the app!  There’s also an audio tour.  While some people are wandering enjoying the mind games of the playful art, or the weird musical gadgets, others are working together to solve the mysteries of science and religion.  Go when you have a few hours!

Well, it was an amazing experience in that I've never been to anything like it before.  So many twists and turns and things to look at and experience.   For the price of admission, I'd do it once for the experience, but I'd probably not go back.   The art was cool to look at, but there are so many distractions, I'm sure I missed some.   I could not figure out the "story" of the place and how all of the different rooms were connected in a storyline either.    I know there are people who rave about this place, I thought it was just okay.   Glad I experienced it, but once was enough.

I attended the Día de Los Muertos celebration here which also also allowed me to view the exhibit and ponder the mystery. This could be a fun family activity or with friends. I enjoyed wandering around and going through all the nooks and crannies and crazy spaces. 

Zany, odd, unexpected, curious, fun, adult funhouse, and this is the tip of my ability to describe this very fun and enjoyable experience.    There is a theme and mystery, but I had no clue as to solving it.    It will stimulate all of your senses and those that lived in the 60s be prepared for flashbacks.

Our whirlwind trip of NM began in Albuquerque for the Balloon Fest.  Before heading out to go to Gila Cliff Dwellings, White Sands, Carlsbad Caverns and Roswell, we took a day trip up to Taos, Angel Fire and then detoured, per my husband's request, to go into Sante Fe to check out Meow Wolf.  Oh my goodness.  I would travel back to Sante Fe just to go to Meow Wolf.  We didn't really know what to expect.  It was an awesome experience and unlike anything we had ever done before.  It appeals to all ages, all physical abilities, all cultures.  It's not just an interactive art exhibit, it's a mystery (you are in a house and an eternal, alternate universe).  Don't be shy - go through all the passage ways … the items in the house that are askew will help direct you where the secret entrances are.  No backpacks are allowed.  Denver and Las Vegas are the next cities to offer such an experience.  Expect to have a great time!

Well, it is unique. But you will need a long time to explore and it is unrelated to the Southwest or to Santa Fe for that matter. 

Unusual immersion experience, but, really something we (in shape)seniors could have easily skipped. I would think ages 6-12 would most enjoy it. All I could think of today was the incredible amount of germs that must inhabit that place.Over-rated.

This amusement-artistic-eclectic setting with stories to follow, or not, was the most fun I've had in ages. I went in for an hour and a half, stepped out to the lounge for coffee, then back for an hour and a half to find what we missed the first time through.I highly recommend this, although I would not purchase the $2 glasses as they were a worthless cost to me.

Meow Wolf seemed to be quite popular with the locals.  It is not an experience that is easy to describe. We were shocked by the admission fee.  I suppose it has an entertainment value for some, but to me, it seemed like a Tim Burton nightmare.  We would not return nor recommend this expensive attraction.

Meow Wolf really can't be explained. Get the 3-D glasses ($1.00), and you walk around a house, in and out of rooms on 3 levels. Each room is unique, and although there is a story that connects everything, it is more fun to wander. You come out of the house to other areas, and then have to make sure you have covered everything. You can slide trough a washing machine or step into a refrigerator to enter new rooms. There are lots of lights, strobes, amazing colors.Not for those who can't climb steps or don't like bright lights/strobes. 

There is no real way to describe this interactive, unusual place. Artisans put together a 'house' of 50+ rooms to 'wander' through.  But that also means touching whatever you want, opening closets that turn to staircases, walking through refrigerators, sliding down holes, finding doors that aren't there, climbing bizarre staircases, playing music on light beams, viewing some amazing art along the way, etc., etc. A semi retired computer geek, I spent over three hours trying to see/find all rooms/exhibits, but I'll have to return...take this wild journey and try to unwind with a drink before you leave!!!

Not as expected. We hoped it would be more art and less flashing lights on painted junk. Entertainment for kids maybe, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults. Next time it's a margarita and a burrito at the Pantry instead.

I wish we had gone on the adults only night, I witnessed parents here seeing meow wolf as a time to take time off and let their kids run wild. It was a cool place but lazy parenting took two stars off. 

I understand why a (very) small number of people don’t like this:- Don’t bring children under 6 (or any skittish child or adult); they’ll be scared and also in others’ way. - Do be ready to navigate small, dark, confined spaces with (perhaps) more people in them than you would ideally expect. - Also expect a non-linear, confusing, sensory experience that is certainly psychedelic in nature and which demands a high degree of attentiveness, open-mindedness, and engagement to enjoy. If you’re easily confused, frustrated, or are claustrophobic—or if you only enjoy art which sits quietly and compliantly on the wall—this is not the spot for you. But the vast majority of us seem to really appreciate this place; if you’d like an eccentric mystery which never really resolves but offers lots to think about...it’s highly worth it.

I’d read about this but decided not to include it in our plans for a 4 day visit. Once we arrived, all the locals asked if we’d been to this must-do experience. We went, we saw, we experienced, and will be back with the rest of my family the next time we visit. An immersive experience that really requires more than the 2.5 hours we spent there to “get it”.

This is truly an amazing place, but some issues keep it from being what it could be. First of all, be sure to buy tickets on-line, wear comfortable clothes and shoes. Second, pick a time that is not too crowded. We went late on a Monday afternoon and I would not like to be there at a more crowded time with more kids. I don't know if following the clues would have added to the experience, but we did not use them since everywhere you went, they clues required on waiting for others to finish. This could probably be improved upon greatly. So we just wandered around, explored, and oohed and aahed. The creativity and hard work behind the rooms is truly amazing. We spent 2 hours here, including a stop at the bar for italian sodas. Come in not expecting your life to be transformed and you will have a very good time.

We decided to go spend the afternoon at Meow Wolf.  It sounded fun and interesting.  When we went, we had to drive around for a bit to find a place to park.  There was about 30 minute wait to get tickets.  We went inside with high expectations, maybe too high.  We started out trying to gather clues, then went on to other areas.  I became bored rather quickly.  I sat down and encouraged my husband to keep exploring to attempt to get something out of the money that we spent.  He spent about a half hour looking around.  I got up and looked around further, but just didn't "get it."  We left within an hour of arriving.  That was too long for me.  I told others about our experience and that I didn't "get It."  I was told that was my problem.  Don't try to "get it," just enjoy.  I didn't enjoy it at all.

I don’t know exactly how to describe what Meow Wolf is other to say that it’s easily one of the most interesting and impressive places I’ve gone. Plan for a good 3 hours because there is so much to see and all of it is amazing. A giant piece of installation art, everything inside transports you to another place—and it’s not a place you’ve ever been. Tons of secret rooms and hidden passage ways. Take time to look at the papers and computers to get the backstory. This was each of my 3 children’s  and my husband’s favorite activity of the entire trip!

Several people who had been here tried to explain the concept of this art funhouse/mystery theater, but nobody could come up with a full description and wound up saying you have to go there to appreciate it.  We've been there and have the same limitation on trying to descripe the experience.  People of all ages enjoy different aspects of the house.  For kids and young people there is fantastic art, some of which glows in the dark, and some of which make music when you touch it.  3-D glasses are available, which add to the impact.  For older folk, part of the venue is a traditional residence, where you look for clues to learn what happened to the people who lived there.  Open the refrigerator door and it is a tunnel to enter.  Push on a panel and another passageway opens.  And when it opens, you find yourself in an underground grotto with pulsating lights and music.  I hate to say it, but you have to see it to believe it, and even after being there questions still exist about what you saw and what it meant, if anything

Lots to do for everyone. Fun place to visit individually, as a couple, in a group or as a family. Walk through a warehouse full of “far out” decor. Themed rooms, walking human exhibits and interactive areas. My favorite was the laser harp - way fun. High energy music throughout. There’s even a dance floor and most likely a rave type club after hours. Skip the extra dollar for 3D glasses. The exhibits are exciting enough without. Enjoy an adult beverage in the bar area or step outside to grab a burger or taco from one of the food trailers parked outside.

I'm not sure why this is so popular. Maybe we missed the point of the exhibits. We took our two children, ages 3 and 10. They seemed bored as well. The place is getting old, exhibits were closed, super crowded and the stench is unpleasant. We paid nearly 80 dollars...definitely not worth it to me. 

We made a second trip to Meow Wolf to take our 14 year old granddaughter.  We had a great time as they have added a few things since our last visit and she found it a lot of fun.  She is an avid reader and took a lot of time ploughing through the clues to the story.  Even if there was not a story, the artistry is amazing and amusing.  If you only have a couple of hours and do not want to search for clues, look up the story on the internet and you will enjoy the presentation even more.

My daughter found this on trip advisor and recommended we visit. We didn’t go on a Sunday because the lines were so long. We came back on a Monday and only waited 10 minutes in line. Recommend buying tickets online. This was like visiting a museum of contemporary art on steroids.I was amazed at the creativity at every turn. The entire visit takes 2 hours, and when we got hungry, we took a break and ate lunch from the food trucks outside. Our wrist band was good for the entire day. I’d like to go back for a second visit to actually understand the meaning behind the exhibit.

This places is absolutely amazing, the staff is wonderful, and the art is shocking.If you go, make sure you allot plenty of time, you don’t want to rush.  Trust me, it’s worth every penny of admission.

I had doubts about participating in this activity but am glad I did. It was a wonderful surprise and my husband and I were running around like kids. Our 16 year old absolutely loved this experience. It’s a must-do!!

This is an interesting attraction, but is very expensive. My daughter, who is twenty-one, was very impressed with Meow Wolf, but for me, it was loud and obnoxious. The blaring music and the crowd gave me a headache! There is parking, but we had to park across the street. There is a story behind the attraction. If you want to follow it, I suggest you go on a weekday when fewer people are there. I would have happily paid $10 to see this, but not the $25 it actually costs. Go to the Georgia O'Keefe museum instead.

I had no idea what to expect when my daughter described the place and said she wanted to go here when we were visiting Santa Fe.  It is kind of indescribable.  Kind of a mix of adult playground, maze, escape room, mystery, all tied up in a completely interactive experience.We had a really great time and especially loved all the different ways you could interact with the rooms.  We really liked the different ways you could make music or sounds.  We loved all the different spaces.  They were all so creative and fun!  We really enjoyed exploring our way about.  I liked that they have plenty of seating, most of which was cozy and unique.The mystery was a bit difficult because in order to get a really good handle on it you had to do a lot of reading and there was only one of everything so it was difficult with so many people to get your hands on everything nor did you really want to take the amount of time necessary to read it all.  Final comment about the reading is that it is fairly dark and for an older person like myself, I needed to use the flashlight on my phone to read.  But speaking of phone flashlights, people were using them to like miner's lights.  This was quite annoying because in inevitably they would end up shining them directly in your eyes.  Ugh!  It also seemed like most of the information about the mystery was gathered in small spaces which people sat in for long periods of time making it difficult to get a turn.We purchased our tickets online before we arrived - good choice and I highly recommend.  Unfortunately it wasn't clear from the outside, where the line was when we arrived, that we could have skipped that whole business and gone to a different line (which was empty) for persons whom had already purchased the tickets.  We did eventually find it and got it right away!They have a rather large parking lot but not large enough to fit everyone.  We arrived around 11 on a week day and the lot was already full.  There is free parking on the street though and I was able to find a spot there.

Went to Meow Wolf after hearing many good things about it. I was nervous because we have a four year old, needless to say she had a blast! It took us about 3 hours to see everything, but it was definitely a different experience! Lots of walking and stair climbing, not very handicap friendly. But a great adventure otherwise!

We are women of a certain age who volunteer at a major city art museum. We loved this absolutely unique experience..cannot be described, just go. 

Early on into exploring the Meow Wolf installation I gave up any attempt to try and CSI my way into the mystery of the missing family. I ultimately decided that the "mystery" portion of the installation was one of the installation themes with a recurring role, rather than the main attraction as the bits of refrigerator notes, family photos, and journal entries seem to lead you to believe. Then again maybe it was some Sucker Punch-esque fantasy world of a coping mechanism for Morgan, maybe my mind is too linear for the abstract exhibit, or maybe I just didn't care.Regardless, you'll see wacky stuff, lots of bright colors, old, fun electronics, black lights, bookshelves that open up and lead to other portions of the experience among many other clever details many of which I probably glossed over or to which I just didn't devote enough exploration time (although I was in there for just about 2 hours). My brain's summation of the exhibit was that it was cool to see a collabortive effort on this scale in creating such a large installation and devoting so much space to art (yay for that!). Also, I appreciate this allowing people to derive their own meaning and attribute importance to what they felt deserved it. However, in terms of whether the family disappeared, was absorbed into the house as I would equate with the Twilight Zone's 4th dimension episode (where a young girl rolls out of bed in the middle of the night and is absorbed by the section of the home that turns out to be portal to the 4th dimension), took off to avoid financial troubles, was picked up by the Heaven's Gate spaceship or whatever else, I didn't care. Essentially, rather than being immersed, I was in detached observer mode.

This is a museum which is like none other. It has unexpected turns and twists and colors and 3D and magical and mystical and downright odd. Kids will love this place and adults will be fascinated as well. A meow wolf will be also opening in Denver in 2020 and Las Vegas in 2019.

Meow Wolf is a wonderfully unique experience for anyone who loves art, immersive activity, mystery and/or simply appreciates the weird and unusual. I brought a group of photo enthusiasts last Oct 2017 and we (well most of us) LOVED it! Just came back and brought my girlfriend in March 2018 and yet again another fun time. Couple really BIG criticisms though - 1. If I recall correctly (I'd have to look back at my records) the price jumped up nearly 40%!!! From $18 to $25 in 5 months. :(   40%?!?!2. Even more importantly then the price hike, both times were greatly over crowded making it difficult (at times impossible) to move through the space. I'm not a NM resident and not sure of NM fire codes, but I'm sure any reasonable fire marshall would flip their lid. I get it, it's a business trying to maximize profits, but it degrades the experience dramatically and potentially endangers the participants. Plus Meow Wolf has many other revenue generating methods on location such as clothing, food, souvenirs, games, a full bar, plus web merch sales. Tracking and limiting how many people enter and leave the exhibit would not be complicated and heighten the experience for everyone.I'm generally a patient person and usually not bothered by tight spaces, so I could deal with the crowds and still enjoy myself. However, If you are the opposite, I would not recommend going to Meow Wolf. My lady was definitely uneasy at times because of being socked in with people coming from both directions.Overall, the exhibit is amazingly creative and entertaining. Much respect to all the artists involved. That is the only reason I'm giving it a 4 star. If I weren't an art lover it would probably get a 1-2 stars for the reasons mentioned above. If you read my other reviews, you'll see I nearly always praise, rarely criticize, and only once flat out complained. This review comes from my best intentions and hopefully those running Meow Wolf will consider the critical reviews to do what it takes to provide not only a fun and engaging experience, but also comfortable and safe.

I fully appreciate the artists and vision that was created, however, with spending over $100 for a family of four to visit for a couple of hours, it missed the mark. We entered with high expectations and a mystery to solve. Having got the first clue, it seemed fun enough and not too difficult for our family (children ages 20 and 9). Upon getting to the second clue we quickly found out, their were too many people to try and read the next clue. We explored the house and tried to piece together different clues. While upstairs, it was extremely hot and stuffy. Some rooms we couldn't enter because there wasn't enough room. After scouring the area for the clues and not getting anything substantial. We finally googled the "mystery." We were highly disappointed and left. My 9 year old was frustrated because he couldn't figure out any clues. So, once the exploring the cool visuals were done, there wasn't anything to do. In my opinion, it was just very expensive for the experience we had.

I would recommend Meow Wolf if you are even a little artsy, have a good imagination or have teenagers or even older 20 something kids. We absolutely loved it. I would say it was like Twilight Zone meets pee wee’s playhouse. Even for me, a 55 year old it was great! I would NOT recommend for obese people or elderly people. Actually young kids younger than about 10, I think it would be lost on. They really wouldn’t get it. 

This place is unlike any other I have been to.  It has music, science fiction, art, dance, and the unbelievable.  You can walk into the fridge, dryer, fireplace, closet ....and go into another “world”.    It is BUSY!  Buy tickets online in advance to get in sooner.  

Wasn't sure about this place when I was looking for something to do with my grandkids while staying in Santa Fe for a week. But, wow! It is so much fun for all ages. There are the obvious things to see and do but also surprises as well as a mystery to solve if you wish. Good place to go back to year after year.

The whole place is probably fine for a child under the age of ten.  Once.  My grand-daughter was bored after 1 1/2 hours and had no desire to come back.  The whole place is lit very darkly, probably to hide the fact that everything is built very, very cheaply -- if not downright tacky and crummy.  Given the flammable materials, lack of light, and poor exit lighting, I am shocked that this place ever got a C of O.

Meow wolf is really cool. It's surreal to be in such a creative place. You have to visit it at least once in your lifetime. I can't believe there are people here who gave it a 'terrible' rating. They obviously do not appreciate the strange and different, and likely lack imagination. It is creative, and you can either rush through it or really experience it and read every detail presented. Either way you choose, it is neat to walk through and feel like you're in another dimension. The art is interactive, and it's fun for everyone, from small children to oldies but goodies. My teenager loved it, and so did my 5 year old. There are some areas you may need to squeeze through, or narrow/steep stairs to go up and down so be aware if you have trouble with type of stuff. No matter what - it is a must see, and is always changing!

This is easily the coolest interactive art piece in existence. Featuring a melding of mediums, this experience stimulates all the areas of your Right Brain. Immersive and extensive, you can spend several hours exploring the haunted halls of Meow Wolf...and I would plan on it. This is probably the coolest thing in Santa Fe!

If you have time and money to waste, this is the place to go in Santa Fe. If wandering around a repurposed bowling alley is your idea of a good time, go for it! No really, this place is as stupid as its name.

It is nearly impossible to find the words to describe Meow Wolf, but I'm certainly going to try. It's astonishing. Creepy. Delightful. Unexpected. Inspired.   It is all of these things, and yet fully owned by none of them, because it is art and true art defies a narrow descriptor. My husband and I visited this miraculous place about two weeks ago. We made the trip from Taos to Santa Fe just to see it, even though it added two hours on our trip back home to Denver.  We had been told by three people now that it was the best thing in Santa Fe, and so we knew it was time.  We arrived around 10:30 and the line was out the door. We got the last parking space in the lot and lined up.  The wait wasn't bad, maybe 20 minutes, but the kids all around us were having meltdowns.  My advice, as the parents of a young child, is that this is a great place for kids who are old enough to wait in line for 20 minutes without losing their minds. We paid and were ushered inside, but first we checked out the restrooms which were kind of awesome in and of themselves.   Then...we dived in a lucid dream, a dream of lost childhoods and sci-fi rites of passage and alien markets, Neverland-esque treehouses and sunken living rooms. It's being lost (sometimes literally) in a work of art, and you submerge yourself in the mind of brilliant artists. There is nothing like it in the world, which is why I'm not going to try and describe it here in detail.  I'll tell you it's beautiful. I'll tell you it's disturbing. I'll tell you it inspired my work and my writing and my husband as well. I'm still processing it.  It is something you MUST see in your lifetime and I'll end with this: I believe that Meow Wold is truly the number one attraction in Santa Fe and a reason to visit as soon as possible.

I think we had expectations for a much more interactive experience enabled by some impressive technology.  Definitely not the case.  Not worth $20.

Very busy place not enough parkingIt really is a place for kids not for adults and it is very over priced 

If you are into entertainment and have an open fun mind, then enter this house knowing nothing and loose yourself in it.  My only tip is to go early and not get stuck in line outside of the house.  Once you are inside there are so many twists and turns to intrigue you.  So really go knowing nothing, but if you want to know the details,,,,be sure and read the children's lab books in their bedroom and watch the looping film by the park bench inside.

It's pricey and you'll either immediately love it or want desperately to get out, but your kids will want to stay. Santa Fe is a beautiful town...however, there isn't much that's compelling for younger people...this will grab them, guaranteed.

You could spend a lot more than one visit here. On your first trip you will be driven to "see all the places" and "find all the rooms". But if you get a chance to spend more time you can have a completely different experience with the story line and the details. There's nothing quite like it anywhere else so Meow Wolf is really a MUST if you are anywhere near it.

This place is very cool. There is discordant music/noise throughout, which is part of the experience. There are also a cacophony of colors and designs throughout, again, part of the intentional design of the immersive experience. I loved it for the first 30 minutes. After that, it became overwhelming. I have astigmatism in both eyes and some of the painting designs eventually made me nauseous. The noise also got to me after a while. It was as if there was too much for me to take in, and I got sensory overload. There were lots of people there at the same time as I was, but it never felt crowded. Despite how it affected me, I highly recommend going.

After living in Santa Fe for nearly two years we visited this broadly acclaimed venue while family was visiting. Prepared for a space that would be fun for both children and adults, it was disappointing and confusing.  Disappointing, because it was filled with 60 exhibits (each created by a different artist we were told) that were just so-so.  Each exhibit was unique yet they all shared a common thread: Helter Skelter.  Confusing as there seemed to be some kind of underlying drug culture dipping their hand into the heart of the venue. Kid you not, there was a sign for sale in the gift shop which read "Sorry, We're High".  A bill board advertised an event which did not coincide with the spirit of a place for kids: "Cigarettes After Sex presented by AMP Concerts and Meow Wolf".   Meow Wolf is not keeping up with maintenance.  Whenever a display, game or computer was not working, they put a clever "no worky" note on it, just to keep you amused. We were not, there were too many of them. Many of the exhibits were downright dirty and/or looked played out, so to speak. The staff inside the venue wear white "doctor" coats so you can spot them.  We didn't ask anyone of them for guidance, for the most part, they were just sitting around looking as bored as could be. Which I was after 30 minutes. I'd like to say that this is only for kids, but I'm not so sure.

This was a big disappointment.  We waited in line to get in for longer than we stayed.  Perhaps you have to have children with you.  After the fact I read that it is a combination haunted house and jungle gym.  I just found it chaotic and rather claustrophobic.

Prior to a recent (August, 2017) visit to Santa Fe we had heard much buzz about Meow Wolf.  So, we baby boomers (for the most part) decided to go and check it out.  This installation is housed in a former bowling alley.  Without spoiling all of the fun, Meow Wolf is creative, off beat and inventive.  It is a multi-faceted attraction which encourages you to explore and unearth its many hidden treasures.  Unfortunately for us middle aged folks, the place, on a summer morning, was overrun with families and kids (who were definitely having a good time).  It seemed claustrophobic with all of the other folks around.  We lasted about an hour before we had to escape.  Now, I imagine that as a younger person, quite possibly high or tripping, I would have LOVED it!

Meow Wolf! WOW! A hands-on, interactive, fantastical, wildly-imaginative place created by over 100 local artists that will have you wondering where to turn next. Perfect for kids, seniors, and everyone in between. Groups and singles alike will have a fun time here.Part children's museum, part detective novel, part Alice in Wonderland with a splash of Peter Max. We played music xylophone-style on a giant dinosaur skeleton, hugged trees that sang, played on a laser harp in a dark room, crawled though a refrigerator entering futuristic lands and more. One of the best things I've ever done in any city!  We spent hours there & didn't explore it all. Crazy fun!!!

Recently visited with three adult parents and three "kids" (ages 10, 19 and 21).  Something for all ages and enjoyed trying to figure out if we had seen all the "rooms".  You could never exhaust seeing "everything" and can enjoy for as many hours as you have to give it.  Also enjoyed food trucks out front and in and out privileges for the afternoon we visited.Bring agility and patience.  You will find yourself climbing through unusual spaces of varied sizes.  There will also be clumps of people and bottlenecks and "kids" of all ages.  With the right expectation and attitude, you will have a great time!Buy tickets online to speed up check in and skip the 3D glasses.  It's really cool without them.

Just for the record, we both were not stoned and do not smoke. We just have friends who we wish we could watch come here while they are stoned.  That would be a good time for us.  Back to the House of Eternal Return, if you think about it, that is a great name to remember and perhaps a better advertisement to come back and visit again.  And you should and we will bring friends.  Especially during these summer months when they have live performance art inside.  OMG, stilts, hula hoops, and the one fem fatalle, who just got in your face in a loving way. She was terrific!  There is a story, if you want to spend the time and look for clues and speak with the other guests about this and that, very easily done.  If your time is more limited, just trying to explore every nook and krany will keep you very, very busy here and interested in all that is going on around you. LIghts, installations, sculpture, video, art, music, people are just moving about and create an atmosphere of excitement.  If you like people watching, just find a comfortable spot, there are a few, and watch it all pass by.  A truly unique experience is to be had here.  I recommend highly.  Let me not forget to mention the gift shop as you leave, we purchased several items and the lady who was there on Thursday afternoon could not have been nicer and more friendly to us.  She seemed somewhat out of place here, but then again, everything is out of place here.

Ok since this is the biggest draw of tourist in New Mexico, I figured living here I had to go. I have been twice now but don't get into the whole find the missing family or kid in the alternate universe attraction. Yes it is imaginative and different then anything you have been to, but is it worth the expensive admission price-- depends on you and what you are looking for.The place is basically a place where for $20 plus people let their kids run wild while they supposedly are trying to solve clues to what happened to the family that lived there. Mostly it's a place you pay to babysit your kids while you talk to your friends. They now have guys in lab coats running around monitoring things. Great now you have more than one babysitter for your child.There is all these buttons to push, secret doors and passages to look at. My favorite place is the neon dinosaur bones you can bang on to create notes, followed by the neon forest. At night I hear they have bands etc their playing. But I haven't gone. It would be fun if they don't allow kids in there at night,which I can't imagine they would....but who knows it's all like another dimensional space...Yes it is artistic, imagivetive, creative and edgy but it's too much. You need to go more than once to appreciate it. But who can afford that?  It is worth seeing to say you have been there  but by the time I got there the second time I felt. Was trapped in a germ invested playhouse with a bunch of screaming kids and noise. It is like being stuck on a school bus on a bridge with strophe lights. Cool the first time but I took out of town guest there and the two 20 sonetnigs wanted to leave after 40 minutes. We found them outside saying it was too much noise, lights people.Of course like everyone else they said it was awesome. What else you gong to say after spending that much money to get a headache.  Loud busy,dirty, Germ, unruly kids is not my idea of fun. I think because it is associated with George R Martins of the "Game of Throne fame  that people go.Oh an as for the missing kids, don't forget to look in the toilet for the clue. Just don't use it as a real toilet like some idiot did earlier this tear. 

This place is bizarre in a good way.  It is hard to describe, but let me try.  You walk in and read the notes in the mailbox, then walk inside a Victorian mansion, walk through the fridge to an alien world, then wind up in a huge back yard maze that has been altered in time and space.  It is a sensory overload on steroids. There is a story line you can follow, but I think you'd have to make multiple trips to get it all.  No worries, there is much to see and do without following the story. My favorite section was the laser harp in the fog room.  Way cool!  I'm still trying to figure out the significance of the huge white rabbit room.  That one stumped me.  Anyway, I'm glad I checked it out for myself and I think you will be too.

Everyone loved it!!  Something for everyone from 10 to 75 years of age.  A great place to spend a few hours.   Didn't figure everything or even anything out but enjoyed it all even at age 69 took a little dive through the washing machine and traversed through the fireplace and had fun in the frig.

The House of Eternal Return is an art installation in an old bowling alley.  There is a narrative but we chose to ignore it and just enjoy the crazy art in the rooms.  It is worth an hour or three.

I'm a long-time Santa Fe "local" who had great expectations for this attraction as it was being built. I toured the studios where their technicians were working on some new and very-interesting, interactive technologies that I thought were going to make this place a feast of sound, light, color and novel, tactile experiences.  Alas, there is way too little incorporation of this technology and way too much 1950's-style, trite, carnival, "fun house" features that will appeal mostly to grade school kids.  Its novelty and creativity was degraded further by including a section of coin-operated, arcade games. As an avid, life-long, "sci-fi" fan, I found the sci-fi theme incorporated throughout to be extremely boring, "dark," disconnected - even morose.  Most adults, let alone kids, will be able to make any sense of it - and I did take the time to view the various videos where it was featured.  I would not want my children or grandchildren to be wasting any time viewing this dark, pseudo-intellectual "bull" - even if they did have the time and patience to view it, voluntarily.  Its maze-like, Alice-in-Wonderland-type, architectural layout is entertaining, even if the props and decorations that fill the rooms will be inspiring only to little kids and are noteworthy mostly for their splash of color, rather than content. One can actually "get lost," in the maze which does add to the "mystery" of the experience.  But for this curiosity, I'd downgrade the attraction to a "one star."  The 3-D eye glasses they will try to sell you for an extra dollar/pair are a waste of money.  The admission fees are exorbitant for what it has to offer.  For anyone who does not see well in the dark, is claustrophobic, doesn't climb stairs easily, feels uneasy with masses of little kids bumping into them and running around their ankles, this is not the place for you.  Walt Disney would be "rolling over in his grave" if any of his theme parks had attractions as trite and boring as Meow Wolf.  

My friend and I went here recently for my birthday. We drove from phoenix az and let me just say it is well worth the trip. Its one of the most immersive and wonderfully creative places ive ever been. There is so much to see and do. Before we knew it we had spent 3 hours there and were still ready to come back. By far one of the best places ive been to ever.

So much to see and hear and touch.  You can enjoy all of the sights and sounds and try to find all of the hidden rooms....I feel like we did miss some things.  My boys loved going in to the dryer and refride that lead to other rooms.  There is also a story or mystery that goes with it if you take the time to read about and follow it but we just went through and enjoyed the sights.

It's hard to sum up the experience of touring the House of Eternal Return except by saying, allow at least 2-3 hours (if not more) to experience this interactive theater-like installation. You start at the facade of an average looking house, and walk through the door into another world! There is a "mystery" to solve, and the clues are placed throughout the house. Go through the portals into another dimension! Great for kids & adults alike. A great diversion when in Santa Fe, after the museum and adobe fatigue sets in! The Game of Thrones creator, George RR Martin, had a hand in helping make Meow Wolf a reality. There are food trucks onsite in the parking lot also, in case you get hungry.

Plan on spending a least 2 hours exploring this unique experience. Every twist and turn is creative and different. Travel through the fireplace, the refrigerator or washing machine. Has to be seen to believed.

This was by far the most interesting fun exciting thing I did in New Mexico. it is so unique.  I really enjoyed finding clue and figuring out the mystery of the family and what happened. The art is incredible.  The entire experience Is special.  I hope more of these installations could be made around the country. Hundreds of artists help make this happen and it shows. SO much imagination, creativity.  I can't describe it and pictures don't do it justice.  Make sure you have a few hours to explore!  

If you like off the wall stuff, artistic, inventive, unexpected visual and tactile experiences - then you'll like this! And it is NOT just some thing for kids. We went in the middle of Sunday afternoon and as 40 something year olds did not feel out of place.We were in there for 3 hours and could have gone longer.I'd go back.

Oldsters, this attraction is very original and best appreciated by kids, teens, and young adults!  It's eye-opening with a unique approach to 'art'...  Sensory overload!

We visit Santa Fe a lot and are always interested in new things.  I took my 16 year old son and he enjoyed some of it.  It was Spring Break so it was very crowded and we had to wait awhile to get in.  I think it is suitable more for tweens but still was glad we went.

Incredibly cool indoor journey through an old house whose rooms and closets lead to fantastical experiences resplendent with color, lights and magic. 

Meow Wolf is a very fun and interesting place to visit for all ages (probably best if over 5 years old). This place is unlike anything I have ever seen. It is actually a little hard to explain. Meow Wolf is a large building that takes you along various paths and on a journey of your choosing. Among many activities, you may go through a refrigerator, washing machine, and fireplace. If you have the time and patience, there are clues to follow that take you along an adventurous path.

We visit Santa Fe a lot and are always interested in new things.  I took my 16 year old son and he enjoyed some of it.  It was Spring Break so it was very crowded and we had to wait awhile to get in.  I think it is suitable more for tweens but still was glad we went.

Incredibly cool indoor journey through an old house whose rooms and closets lead to fantastical experiences resplendent with color, lights and magic. 

Meow Wolf is a very fun and interesting place to visit for all ages (probably best if over 5 years old). This place is unlike anything I have ever seen. It is actually a little hard to explain. Meow Wolf is a large building that takes you along various paths and on a journey of your choosing. Among many activities, you may go through a refrigerator, washing machine, and fireplace. If you have the time and patience, there are clues to follow that take you along an adventurous path.

Such an interesting artsy take on alternative dimensions. We didn't know what to expect but glad we visited. 

So definitely the place to take someone with short attention span, very busy place. Wash your hands after you get done touching everything.

There were a few cool rooms, but nothing high tech about the exhibits.  It seemed like it was the Disney Imagineer rejects and I understand why Disney rejected them.  Had the price been $8 compared to $18 as an adult, maybe I would have given it an average review.  Would rather have been outside exploring Santa Fe.  

My adult son and I spent some time here, and it was absolutely fascinating.  It's part "haunted house," part art installation, and an amazing fantasy experience.  You can follow and discover the story line, or you can just drink in the experience.  This is great for all ages, and anyone can enjoy the place on their own level.  There are places to crawl through for kids, but almost every room also has an easier ingress and egress for older, stiffer people like me.  The only con I can think of is if your eyes don't do well with lots of patterns and color--otherwise you're warned at the door of the few rooms with strobing or flashing lights.  I'm anxious to go back again the next time I'm in town.

I wasn't sure what to expect - but thoroughly enjoyed my visit to Meow Wolf!  I would say it's focus is art- but with a 'hands-on' interactive side.  Kids and adults alike will enjoy this.  It felt a little like going down the rabbit hole- only you were going 'up' the fireplace, through the refrigerator, or into the dryer!  I think you would have a new experience each time you visit.  Allow 2-3 hours to fully enjoy!

Dear Meow Wolf, I love you, my family loves you, we will be back!I heard about Meow Wolf from my boss in passing one day when she found out we were headed to Santa Fe. She had never been but had heard it was a trip. I went there with my husband and 2 teens expecting a gallery. We had 1.5 hours to check it out before we had to jump on the road and hustle to Denver to celebrate Christmas Eve. One hour in I knew we had stumbled into something serious and had to return and spend at least 4 more hours or more here. It was tough to leave that day, the kids were so bummed! But on our way back through Santa Fe we returned and spent nearly 4 hours again at Meow Wolf and also spent some time checking out the incredible maker space on the property. Meow Wolf is a mystery that spans generations and dimensions. The artwork enveloping all the surfaces of the environment are stunning. (Be sure to pick up the Chroma glasses for a buck when you get your tickets-it is so worth it! Especially down the hall to the bathroom.) Every room is a different concept filled with different levels of light and art and communication tools from writings, monitors, lasers with tones, books, photos to music. Even the wallpaper has messages to it. The second time we were there, there were hundreds of people there but it didn't matter, it was still a very personal experience. My husband and kids took the mystery seriously and went through everything starting at the mailbox outside of the full sized victorian house. When you go, look in every closet, under the stairs, go through the fireplace and the refrigerator! REMEMBER-in the bathroom shine a light in the medicine cabinet mirror AND down the toilet. I can't tell you which room was my favorite because I loved the whole experience. This was an incredible mind altering memory made for me and my family. Bought a ton of well designed items in the gift shop. I would love to see the bands as they play on the neon stage built into the depths of the Meow Wolf. I wish I had bought the Meow Wolf soundtrack that is available. Coffee Bar on site, great desserts and snacks available too. There is a maker space on the property as well as a separate room for kids to create a bunch of great crafts for only $5 each. Go early and leave your coat in the car. It runs about $20 per person.

I don't even know the adjectives to describe this place. It was fun, larger than life, mesmerizing, eclectic, colorful, intuitive, forward thinking, science inspired and mind boggling. I have no doubt that if I were a drug user I would find this place even more intriguing than I did. It's  three dimensional,sci-fi everything! All of the different sections of the exhibit were inspired by 150 artist. Definitely a must see, a must experience.

When planning our trip to Santa Fe, Meow Wolf was near the top of the "must see" list.  It certainly did not disappoint!  A couple tips and tricks from our visit: 1. Buy your tickets in advance online through the website.  We went on a Saturday, and the wait was long.  Half of our group already had tickets, and the other half did not.  It would have been much faster if everyone had their tickets already. 2.  If you have a group, do not expect to all stay together. We went as a family during Thanksgiving, and there was absolutely no way for our large group of 14 could stay together.  Expect to split up and experience different parts of it. 3. They don't allow food and drink inside.  There are food trucks parked outside, but i recommend either eating in line or waiting until you are finished to get anything (we were stuck chugging the waters we had just bought).  4.  Do not try to bring a stroller.  We had several children with us (ages 6 months, 2, 7 and 15).  They all really enjoyed Meow Wolf.  But, it is not stroller-friendly.  Also, if you are wearing your child/baby, keep in mind that you may be crawling through small spaces.

A creative lab of the imagination! A journey into a Victorian house where the fridge becomes the magic door into an interactive universe! Plenty obsolescent objects taking an art form of their own. One room after another into a treehouse with narrow passages into a cartoonist world! Really a great deal of fun for my son! There are so many things to see, like a forest of neon colors, a mammoth xylophone, a garbage can who's trash flies, and the interior of the TARDIS from Seasons 1-6! Well...not really, but it looks like it! Some more are...a neon room, a trailer, a room where somebody makes a deep speech about strange topics, a 50's cartoon in real life, and more!  A lot of family fun but where is the wolf? 

What a unique experience. I was outside of SF for a resort and was told by a local couple staying at the resort that I should check out Meow Wolf. I am so glad I did. Perhaps one of the coolest museums I've been too. Just as exciting for adults as it is for children. You can get as into it and the story as possible or just meander around appreciating the art and creativity of the place. 

This place has a lot of hype.  If you are visiting from out of town this place could be frustrating.  I didn't have enough information about this mystery house to make the most out of the time I had there.  The guides would not share anything useful other than you should fully explore each room.  Well that is only helpful if you have an entire day and can visit multiple times.  A baseline of information to help guide folks who would like it would have made it a better experience.  Also, it feels like an amusement park, not an art installation.  Of course it is art, but the activity aspect of it has more emphasis.  

Went to meow wolf with family - all adult - and had a blast exploring the place. It seemed to go on forever and happily sucked several hours of my day away. Loved all of it - wish I had any idea of the storyline of the family, the astronauts and the various levels of reality that seem to be represented (depending on which floor you're on). Some people had 3D glasses on and could see clues of some sort. I didn't know we could get glasses and weren't offered them. I saw some people accessing the computers in the various rooms and figuring things out (don't know what) and I saw a couple of cards that I assumed helped those who were trying to decipher the story and clues. Just wasn't sure about it all. But.....it was fun, interactive and unique! I think it would be cool to have an adults only event - so many kiddies there running amok and screaming. Will recommend to others! Oh....and having food carts outside....excellent thinking! We ate before going in - I think that helped keep us inside for so long. Plus there's beer in the lobby. Smart!!! 

My husband and I read about Meow Wolf and weren't sure what to expect. We were staying with friends in Santa Fe and they said we had to try it but didn't give a whole lot of details of what to expect. So if you're interested and prefer to be surprised -- just go. If you want to know what you're in for, keep reading. SPOILERS AHEAD.Meow Wolf is an immersive art installation that tells a story in a non-linear format. This first incarnation is the "House of Eternal Return" and presumably there will be other stories in the future. Set in an old Bowling Alley, you begin your journey outside a traditional looking house like something you'd find in the northeast suburbs (definitely not New Mexico) with a wrap around porch and large wooden shingles. We got there right when it opened at 10am which I highly recommend as it gets crowded and a bunch of people were huddled around the mail box outside the house reading the mail. The story in Meow Wolf is complex and in the few hours we had there we didn't get it all -- basically a family accidentally opened a rift in space/time and you get clues about who they are and what happened as you move through the house. There's clues everywhere from a TV with channels that play things related to the story, a computer to look through, numerous diaries, books and other readables as well as photos and household things (like the wall paper design) that give you clues into what's going on. As we walk in the house, I had no idea what to expect and was a little nervous. I don't like Haunted Houses and was a little scared about knowing nothing about it. The nervousness stayed with me and translated into that nervous-excitement as first we cautiously walked through the front door and tried to take everything in. There were no scares but definitely alot of surprises.My husband was taking too long looking at things and out of the corner of my eye I saw two people disappear into the fireplace and not come back. I've become quite active as an adult (I'm totally aging backwards) and had been warned not to bring a purse since there's alot of crawling and climbing opportunities. So I slipped off into the fireplace and poof! I was in an entirely other world. I ran around like a kid for an hour until I found my husband again, climbing on things, playing with things that turned into other things, listening to interesting stories on some audio devices and wandering around. Once I finally found him we shared stories of places we hadn't yet been and tried to retrace our steps, finding new pathways and new surprise things (hint, the mushrooms play music!). I could have stayed there all day but unfortunately we had other travel plans and were leaving Santa Fe. I highly recommend going for a whole day. They don't allow food inside but fortunately there are some EXCELLENT food trucks in the parking lot (I'm not sure if they rotate or not -- try the Mexican, the torta is to die for). You can go in and out with your ticket. They also hold concerts and events regularly in a large open space and have an 80s- style video game arcade if for some reason you get bored running around and looking at the cool stuff.It is not wheelchair accessible (parts technically might be) so if you are otherwise-abled, this might not be the attraction for you. People who are fit/flexible and curious along with children of similar mindsets will get the best experience. Think if it like an art playground -- literally -- and dress comfortably for movement. This is not to be missed if you are in Santa Fe, and if you're not already in Santa Fe -- consider making the trip!

Was in Albuquerque for my sons wedding and he and his new wife wanted to take us to Meow Wolf since they liked it so much. My son was a little apprehensive that I wouldn't like it. Surprised him. I loved it. Very strange and interesting place. Open a fridge door and walk through a passage to another place. See an aquarium, then walk through an aquarium. It's a house built into what was an old bowling alley. And as I understand it, they will change the designs once in a while. Only thing that I didn't care for was the price for everything. Admission is $15 for residents of New Mexico so for 5 of us: $75. Gift shop prices were rather steep as well. And the place was hopping that day. Perhaps a drop in price would bring in more peeps. But that being said, I'd go again in a heartbeat. 

We were excited about taking our grandson to Meow Wolf during our vacation to Santa Fe.  We were told to go early and during the week to avoid the crowds.  So glad we did as around noon it got so crowded it was difficult to move around the facility. A lot of work has gone into this facility but the layout and crowds prevent you from fully experiencing the concept.  

Imagine walking into a house and finding yourself in an Alfred Hitchcock movie. Everything seems normal and yet there's something not quite right that you can't quite put your finger on. And then, in an unsuspecting moment you realize you have fallen down the rabbit hole. You find yourself in a giant bird cage... Or rib cage... And despite being in a cage, suddenly your imagination is free and you can't wait to discover what's coming next. Yeah, that's Meow Wolf. Fun for all ages. No exceptions. 

We were told by local NOT to miss this "art experience." We went on a Sunday and it was PACKED. We were told they only let in 30 people at a time but they were letting everyone in. This diminished what would be a truly revolutionary experience. I say DON'T MISS IT if you can go during the week. The ingenuity of this place is mind blowing.

I'm not giving anything away!Stop reading about this place and just go.  Be sure and read the letter in the mailbox as you enter 'the house' and then go experience.Touch.  Feel.  Listen.  Sit.  Walk.  Gawk.Be sure and buy the 3D glasses when you buy your ticket.  Looking like an idiot is only part of the fun!

This artist-built house is one delight and surprise after another. Locals go again and again (it's always changing and there are events). Visitors should not miss it!

All we could think of when we were there was that it's far from handicap-accessible and if there was ever a fire you'd never find your way out!

What a freaking amazing place. I'm from a land far away from Santa Fe and I'm still asking myself how to describe this place to my friends.  Its an adult avante garde fun house/escape room that you'll want to take your kids(young or old mine is 7) . Don't walk, run to this place and then take your time when you arrive.

This is a MUST if you're near the Santa Fe area. I had no idea what to expect, but this exceeded all of my expectations. Just wild. No idea how 500+ artists came up with this installment. We keep raving about it and telling everyone traveling to Santa Fe to take time to go. 

After our 19- and 20-year-old kids raved about Meow Wolf, followed by raves from coworkers and friends, my husband and I went yesterday. It is joyful, bizarre, experiential, surprising, and a testament to the incredible artists of New Mexico. We discovered the plot line and found clues in many rooms, along with red herrings, but if you don't feel like playing detective, you can just enjoy the sights, sounds, and touches. Someone mentioned opening every door and drawer--you definitely want to do this! As a parent, I always want to know if there's food available, and you can get healthy, local snacks in the lobby or choose from several food trucks. We recommend the most excellent kabob truck and the ice cream truck, where I enjoyed a very New Mexican mango chile fruit pop. The admission price may seem a bit high, but you will not be disappointed--and parking is free, which doesn't happen at many museums of this character. Meow Wolf is yet another reason to be proud to live in this state!

 The collective of artists comprising Meow Wolf opened their hearts and souls and stepped into our harsh world  to crack wide open our frozen perceptions of social grace and artistic possibility.Leave your expectations and judgements at the door. Shake off your long forgotten childhood and enter a universe of inclusion, co-creation and vulnerabilities on the head of a pin. Immersive experience, learning & play are calling you. Day passes entitle you to come and go at will all day. Food trucks and local fare surround the block. Advanced reservations for school or camp field trip groups are rewarded with special discounts. You won't need strollers in this enclosed art sanctuary, a playground of hand- fashioned one-of-a-kind interactive environments. All you need is a camera and gentle appreciation. The paradigm has shifted.

Not quite sure how to describe this place other than totally out there, eclectic exhibit that is HIGHLY worth a visit. My mom and I went and we like it so much we went back to the hotel to get my brother and went back to bring him as well. This is NOT your every day art exhibit. This is a creative, inventive, interactive art exhibit that you can crawl through, play through and see things that you're not even sure what it is. DON'T MISS IT! WILD! This is good for kids AND ADULTS alike!

This mysterious  Victorian house is your portal into the delights that await. Each room holds secrets  to the fictional owners of the house, the Selig family, and as you wend your way through the two-story home, you gather clues that reveal their story. But I just loved wandering through and observing its strangeness -buckled floors, wavy molding on the walls that looks like it has melted, and a refrigerator that opens to reveal a passage into the amazing spaces beyond the house. Or, if you choose, you can exit through the fireplace or the toilet in the bathroom (yup!) to continue your journey into the warren of surreal rooms and walkways that MEOW WOLF artists have articulated so joyfully. A photographers dream...every corner has something vibrant to see or do or be amazed by...

Meow Wolf is an immersive art creation, entertaining for adults and great for kids of all ages.  A consortium of artists have constructed a multilevel, interconnected set of spaces, each unique and surprising.  You enter what appears to be an ordinary, midwestern home, but it is anything but ordinary.  Step into a closet and you find yourself in a travel trailer.  Open the kitchen refrigerator and pass through into an upside down school bus, and on and on and on.  It's hard to know after an hour if you see everything, because there is no linear path through the creation.  Don't miss it.

This art installation feels like an Alice in Wonderland trip. You never quite know what may be up the fireplace, inside the frig, or behind a closet door. Interactive, colorful, and multi-sensational, hidden discoveries constantly challenge the mind. Great for all ages.

You'll go through the looking glass, (or down the rabbit hole, if you prefer), at this remarkable, if pricey, art installation.  Delights and surprises lie around every corner and through every doorway in this thoroughly enjoyable, highly imaginative, totally immersive creation in an old bowling alley.  We are so glad we were told about it by the owner of a folk art store in Santa Fe. I don't want to provide any spoilers--and any details would do so.  Suffice it so say that if you come to a door of any kind in the house of eternal return--open it and walk through.

It's a bit hard to explain. You just have to experience it. We entered the House of Eternal Return through a very standard set of rooms in a house that may have been abandoned. The mystery is to imagine what may have happened to the inhabitants as you travel through the seemingly endless individual rooms/installations with no guide or path to assist. We spent about 90 minutes there but I can imagine small children could spend hours exploring the art and play places. I would like to go back myself on a non-school holiday (we went spring break and it was packed). If you are an adult without children, you may want to go later in the evening. Reasonable price at $18 for adult and $12 per child. There is also a separate kids play place and an adults' Maker Space.

Meow Wolf is an unbelievable art project - a haunted house type experience but on an epic scale. The imagination, talent, creativity blew us adults away. I don't want to spoil the surprise - just go! Kids 6 and up will love it although it is pretty intense from a sensory point of view. It was a bit over the head of the 3 year old but she managed. 

Our family visited earlier this week - two kids, 14 and 9, a grandmother, and two parents. We were all entertained for nearly three hours. We were very glad we went.We had no idea what to expect. My dad found a brief mention of Meow Wolf in a local tourist magazine. The ad showed the neat statues out front and mentioned that it was an interactive art exhibit. We read a little bit beforehand and saw that George RR Martin was involved, which made it even more intriguing! (Not much info was available - it just opened on March 18; we went on March 23)The person at the front desk said to touch everything, so we started as soon as we went in the front door. I won't spoil anything, but *as soon* as you open the exhibit door, there is something you can touch and open, and you should. If you don't, it could take a while to figure out what the core of the mystery is.Younger kids will enjoy the sights and sounds, but could get impatient with adults who want to read things. People with limited mobility will find it challenging to experience the exhibit, though there could be access points I did not see. Call ahead if you are concerned. My 14 year old was very interested in uncovering the mystery, my 9 year old found a "clue" that none of the rest of us did.  It's not really like an escape room - but that's the closest experience I can offer. I don't think there are enough clues to solve the mystery. It may be unsolvable - it may just "be". You do get to find more information by looking at things on shelves, opening books, clicking files on computers, and so on. There are some really cool hidden space features, and the whole thing is pretty cool and interactive. Definitely worth checking out for adults and at least older kids, though I saw many younger kids enjoying things with their families.

I've never experienced anything like Meow Wolf. Bring your camera and dress for crawling and climbing and walking. When you first enter the House of Eternal Return, it doesn't seem like anything special, but open the refrigerator door in the kitchen or walk through the closet door in the master bedroom or crawl into the chimney, and you enter a visual and hands-on feast for the senses. But before you leave the house for fantasy land, look closely at the hole in the toilet bowl in the bathroom. Adults and children will love the experience. My favorite parts were the laser harp and the spaceship (place your palm on the hand icon to open the doors). I went with my husband and 20-year-old daughter. If you have young children, you could easily lose them if you don't watch them closely. Plan on at least 2-3 hours for the House of Eternal Return. In addition to the House of Eternal Return, there's a small video game room (free games) and a room for younger children with giant building toys. You'll need more time for these. There is a lounge and snacks if you need a break. They give you a wrist band, so if you want to leave and eat at one of the many restaurants nearby, you can return later in the day. This was opening day, and everything was in excellent working condition. I hope it doesn't deteriorate.

Save your money and your soul. Terrible waste of money. The art was cheap, demonic and evil. The co- creator committed suicide and I felt like I was inside his tortured mind. Truly a very disturbing experience. Not appropriate for anyone, especially children.

I was extremely hesitant going to Meow Wolf after a quick look online-- being a "mature" adult I was pretty sure it was out of my wheelhouse-- but my daughter convinced me that it was something we needed to experience while in Santa Fe.It is really efficiently organized, wait lines are clearly marked by signs, Meow Wolf staff members are quite nice, and the other people in line were very friendly.  The attendees ranged from infants (a sign says baby wearing is acceptable) to someone that I was pretty sure was in her 90s. The facility seems quite large (I think it was previously a bowling alley) but it's because it wraps around itself and is a double decker.  Basically is is a huge folk art exhibit with interactive activities, lots of black light sections (my favorite was under the sea), and interesting rooms with things that you could touch and pick-up.If crowds bother you-- don't go-- you are often in tight spaces (you can come out of a refrigerator or dive into a washing machine.  If flashing lights and dark spaces aren't your jam-- don't go.  But if you are open to unusual, weird, fun experiences you will be happy-- as was I-- that you went.Evidently there are two other Meow Wolf facilities out there but according to people who have been to all three the original Santa Fe Meow Wolf is the best.

Very cool experience!  Something for all ages and intellect.  Spent about 2 hours exploring. Worth the ticket price

It was OK.  I'm probably the only one who felt Meow Wolf was "just OK".   Most people either love it or hate it.   I liked the concept..."experiential" art...but I hated the crowds, and the line to get in.   It's great for kids...that's why there are tons (too many?) of them.  There was definitely some cool and visually creative parts...but what is it?   The officious nature of the entry process and the litany of rules...turned me off.   But I get it...its crazy out there.   One last issue...$42 plus tax...c'mon bro?  If it was $15...I'd say pretty cool.  At $45...I was a little underwhelmed.  Either way, it did not live up to the hype in y opinion.

I absolutely loved this amazing space.  Would have liked them to limit the number of guests in the building at one time, it felt a little rushed and cramped in some spaces, but overall I highly recommend a visit.

This looks like it's a place to take young kids, but don't be fooled.  This is terrific for all ages.  Very colorful, funky, psychedelic, fun, and entertaining.  Plan to spend a couple of hours at least, and find all the secret passages.

Experience with many levels. You can go just to enjoy the labyrinthine distribution of the rooms or you can get involved in a much more complex search for information.

Kids will love it, but adults  will likely spend the time dodging children and  thinking about how much they just spent on this.

Probably one of the coolest places I have been to. I spent over 3 hours exploring and still feel like I didn’t see everything. The attention to detail is amazing in setting up the rooms.

We were totally enthralled with Meow Wolf.  Each room we went into had a different theme and we’re blown away by a few of them.  It would be worth returning to see what we missed. Definitely a highlight of our trip!  

Unique immersive art experience for people of all ages we didn’t know what to expect, but had so much fun exploring! Amazing creative space.

Crazy, colorful and overwhelming. It has SO MUCH going on that we left before we could see everything. I enjoyed it. Husband not so much. It’s surreal and colorful and very very weird.

Awesome experience. Very compelling and well done. Large with a lot of crazy stuff. Enjoyable for everyone.

This place is a ton of fun!  Just go, You won’t be disappointed!!  So much to see and experience, it’s a sensory overload-in a good way!  Plan on staying about 1.5-2 hours.

To start, the door person told us if you go out after entering you can not return and to keep our masks on (all good), however, they did not tell us that backpacks would not be allowed so we went in with backpacks. They do have lockers you can pay for so now you're obligated to do that.  The ticket taker inside did not tell us that we were entering a puzzle and there would be clues all around to solve it.  I found this out randomly talking to someone in a crowded room when we were almost ready to leave.  Without this knowledge you are just wandering around crowded rooms looking at random meaningless objects & installations.  Although bright & colorful it would have been more fun to participate in the "game".   They should have made us aware when we entered.  Our group felt totally gypped.

Meow wolf exceeded my expectations and took it beyond! This immersive art experience truly places you into another world and releases your inner child's imagination.

This is a MUST DO!!  This is honestly the coolest thing I have ever seen and I travel a lot. Felt like we were kids again. Bring wonder and a sense of adventure. You will NOT be let down.

One of the most incredible, surreal, and fascinating experiences I’ve ever had. Meow Wolf is like stepping into another dimension and the sights, colors, and overall sensory experience are beyond description. Truly out of this world!

Perhaps we didn’t do our homework. The whole event was lost on us. Especially for $40 a person. Truly crowded & no opportunity to distance.

Don’t waste your time and worst of all money on this disorganized, bizarre and sham museum.  In the words of my brother-in-law “this was created by someone on a bad acid trip”, not meant as a compliment people.

I found this place fascinating. I like that you can scan a QR code and read and interact. Enjoyed the storyline. I spent hours in here.

It was fun and interactive. Very cool. 3D rooms and hallways. Fun place to visit with adults or children. First time there.

This place is awesome! Great for the whole family. It's unbelievable and a very cool concept. Very interactive art experience.

This is how every art exhibit should be! Very fun and interesting. Always find something new on every visit!

Wonderful day exploring the exhibit - I'm still not sure we found every corner of the place.  We live in Colorado and can't wait to see what the artists have come up with for the Meow Wolf in Denver.

This is great for kids. It is an interactive activity for them and they can spend hours there. My kids enjoyed it so much! As a middle aged  parent, it is not for me. I had a visual overload!

Imagine if Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory was staged by Cirque du Soleil as an interactive tour/experience. This was like nothing I’ve ever seen before. It was a blast!  

Fabulous and innovative immersive art installation. Except the unexpected from history memorabilia to state of the art technology whiz tricks

As two adults we still had lots of fun exploring the art installations and different rooms. A little expensive though as we didnt spend that much time there

Our family enjoyed this interactive art experience.  We did not spend time trying to figure out the mystery (we couldn't agree as a group whether we wanted to do that) and were able to enjoy the space all the same.  We had fun exploring the rooms and deciding which were our favorite displays and artists.If you think of this as a theme park (the ones with rides), you'll probably be disappointed.  If you think of it as an art museum/exhibit that you get to touch and explore - you'll have fun.Some rooms have strobe effects and many have high/low light contrasts - something to keep in mind for any in your group who have those kinds of sensory issues.

The art developed in this museum is fresh, new and very interesting. In our group we has a 9 months old, a 2 years old and several adults and we all had a great time.

Our family all went as a big group and what an amazing space to explore and experience. We had kids from 4 to 10 with us and something for all of them!

It was very cool.  We paid not attention to the mystery we were supposed to be solving, just enjoyed the visuals.

I almost didn't go because it's expensive and I wasn't sure my granddaughters would enjoy it. They loved it and I was amazed by the creativity of the place. Can't wait for the one to open in Denver!

Look into it before time and you can really play along! We went without prior knowledge and although this left room for surprise, we could have interacted more with the experience had we prepared. Tons of people made it very hard to explore and more around, so maybe go on a weekday if possible. 

Took the family over Christmas and had a great experience. Thought we might stand in line and wait but the line moved quickly. Unlike anything we have ever seen before, our grandchildren loved it!

It felt like it was a hodge podge of art compartmented into different rooms.  I would have liked more of a story or organized theme.  It was interesting but I was done after an hour.  Not sure if it was worth the cost or hype.

This was the first thing friends in Santa Fe suggested I do, and it was worth it. Spent almost three hours wandering the exhibit, which is interactive and allows you complete freedom in how you experience it. There's a storyline with a puzzle to solve if you choose to, but you can also just enjoy the artistry of the exhibit. I was amazed at the attention to detail and loved finding the hidden rooms. Some assault the senses and others are serene. If you choose to try solve the mystery, I'd suggest downloading the Anomaly Tracker app from Google Play or Apple Store - details on the Meow Wolf website. Tickets are available in slots with max capacity of I think 100 per slot - try visit in off peak hours/sessions. Can get a bit cramped inside when they are full.

It was recommended by a friend - a combination of a mystery story (partially based on fact) and a multi faceted art extravaganza, with a little climbing and crawling (not necessary if that part doesn't appeal to you) to get various perspectives on this facility (it started life as a bowling alley).  Sculpture, lights, paint and some artifacts of the "real" family.  Good for many ages.  I checked 2-3 hours but it's really just about 2 from our experience - some people spent far more time.

Glad I visited but not sure I understand the concept.  But that is what Art is.  Wasn't crowded on a Monday in December.  Suggest you go through the fridge first and then visit all the vacation destinations from the portal thingee. Made more sense to me after I understood that.

We took a road trip to Santa Fe partly just for Meow Wolf, and we weren't disappointed. This place is mind-blowing, in all the best possible ways. It has something for everybody in the family, the kids will bop around in a visual candyland, and the adults will enjoy the trippy storyline and the interactive features. Just go.

My four stars was really three and a half, but I had heard such an incredible amount of hype about it that my expectations were unrealistic. It’s visually interesting, and once I got a bit of a handle on the storyline it became more engrossing. They say you can start anywhere, but my main advice is to start with the house and to look for the Historian. I did not, and once I found them an hour plus in, the experience improved dramatically. It was still nonlinear, and nonlinear became more fun. The good:  some of the artistic effects are quite good; the Historian and other characters were fantastic; it was fun watching people have fun. The bad:  some of the artistic effects are cheesy; until I found the Historian, it was just a mixed bag of aesthetics with no apparent point or structure; it was very very crowded (and there was no parking); no attempt was made at check-in to give any guidance. Tips:  talk to the characters; take your phone—where the art is most interesting it’s really worth photos; the 3D glasses appear to have no point. There’s an app, which I didn’t know about, and which might enhance your experience. Oh yeah, NM residents get a small discount, plus it’s half off for residents after 4 on Wednesdays and on one Sunday a month. 

This is probably THE BEST immersive art experience I've ever heard of or visited! It's pricy, but WORTH it 100%. My boyfriend who is a little claustrophobic had to exit and re-enter a few times, though so be aware for those who might have similar affects. Totally worth it, so fun! Felt like being a kid again! GO!

Take your time. Be ready to be amazed. Go early. Getting admissions on phone is easy to do. If you have children, take more time.

My husband and I are in our 70's and have lived in New Mexico for 11 years. We'd read and heard about Meow Wolf from a variety of folks who loved it. So, we finally made the trip to Santa Fe on a weekday and had one of the most fun experiences in recent years.Reservations are encouraged although we wouldn't have needed them. Yes, it is relatively expensive but there are senior and New Mexico resident's discounts. 3-D type glasses sell for $1 and we found that they enhanced many of the exhibits. There is a story line that we half followed but weren't there to solve a mystery. We crawled through tunnels (one of which was dead ended) climbed twisty narrow, steep stairs; walked through a maze and a room of mirrors and lasers; played music on dinosaur bones; walked through closets, cabinets, a refrigerator and ,many other seemingly benign "doors" that lead to yet another experience. The color and sounds enhance the experience. There's a room that has some "old timey" video games that one can play for free, bringing back many fond memories. Take time to look at the newspapers, magazines, notebooks and books in the old house. There are audio stops which relate a futuristic story. If you don't use your imagination, you will miss half the fun. Question why certain objects are placed as such, touch the wall hangings, ask why did they put "that" there and what does it mean? We spent three hours enlisting the imagination and creativity that gets lost in today's complicated world. If you go with the attitude you would have had as a child experiencing this venue, you will have great fun.

So we had no idea what to expect.  When we first ventured in we oohed and aahed and with about 45 minutes started to feel overwhelmed and definitely overstimulated.  It’s a neat concept and we have done escape rooms in the past but this was a whole different level.  I would encourage first timers to pace themselves and take a break and go to the snack bar to decompress.  Some of the artwork is incredible though and it is a must do when visiting Santa Fe.

Yes it sure is different, but we absolutely loved it.  We had a road trip planned to the area when we saw the story about Meow Wolf on the TV show 60 Minutes.  We were looking forward to it and were not disappointed.  It is a very eclectic and different form of art.  May not be for everyone, but we certainly enjoyed our 1.5 hours walking through this venue.  To me, it's not just the art and display alone, but the creativity behind putting the entire thing together.  The space was originally a bowling alley, so they had to start from scratch to design the ins and outs and ups and downs.  Don't see how anyone could not enjoy it.  I would highly recommend seeing it.

It's very hard to describe Meow Wolf, but it is definitely a unique experience.  Very intriguing mix of pop art, video, audio, and just plain weirdness.  If you're in Santa Fe, you really ought to go.

My wife and I visited after hearing about it on a TV show. What a hoot! Just walk around. Modern art mixed with imagination, sounds, video. All sorts of hidden rooms, entrances, doors, staircases. Just go with it. We’re retirees and loved. Lots of families there as well and all were having fun.

Going without kids, it takes a little while to get immersed into what's going on but the deeper you go, the more you get hooked. It's definitely a bit of a struggle for an engineer like me to let go but it's all good fun and adventure. We spent about 2-1/2 hours and saw most of what was going on (we think). Extremely creative. 

This place was quite interesting and fun .this place has food and adult beverages but is also a fun place for children as well.a must go attraction but make sure you make reservations online before heading down cuz this place can get sold out fast it has time zones as when you can enter. Give yourself at least 2 to 3 hours to see everything. 

I have never been to a place like this - look it up on line before going.  Art is unbelievable.  I watched the story line (it seemed like others didn't.) I'm so pleased I went.  Food truck outside was also very good.

My wife and I surprisingly thoroughly enjoyed the Meow Wolf experience.  One can spend most of the day there absorbing the clues and figuring out stuff.  Or ya can just experience each room/area and soak in the feeling...which we found quite fun. We spent about 2-1/2 hours there and found the whole experience unique and fun.

This place is full of creative design and art!  But...as far as being interactive, it is very limited.  It felt like sensory overload.  And a little scary 😲 with dark places and uneven flooring.  All of the design is intentional.  But, required alot of awareness in walking and overhead.  So, be careful.

This attraction is difficult to describe: part playground, part mystery, part art exhibit. We visited on a low attendance day--thank goodness. I think it might be a bit crazy if the attraction were crowded. We spent about two hours wandering through the various rooms/spaces. That was about as much strangeness as we could manage.

I didn’t “get it”. There were some very cool parts of it but found myself bored pretty quick. If you’re into art then it’s probably for you. 

Great experience with lots of twists and turns, and somewhat difficult to describe.  Part fun-house, part escape room, part art installation, with different themed rooms, levels, and passages.  Lots of material to read which will help you solve puzzles to unlock the mysteries of the house, or you can just wander around like we did and enjoy the experience.  Over 250 artists collaborated on this 70 room sensory experience.  Do not forget your camera!  We went during Balloon Fiesta week and had a 90 minute wait to get in, but it was worth it and I’d recommend buying tickets and making reservations well in advance.  Give yourself a minimum of 2 hours to enjoy.  This is a full-body immersive experience.

Prior to going with friends to Santa Fe, New Mexico, I had never heard of Meow Wolf.  When they decided to get tickets I asked:  "So, what is this all about?"  Those who had already "experienced" (which is the best word to use) it said that it was hard to explain.  And it is!  The best I can do is this:  It is an experiential exhibit that features a kaleidoscope of art and inter-active devices that takes you through several portals to other dimensions!  It is a feast for your eyes.  And you are encouraged to engage with your surroundings to get the most out of your experience.  While traveling through the maze of inter-connected rooms you will have opportunities to touch parts of the display and find that sometimes music plays, or sounds are created.  It begins with your entry into a normal two-story house.  Once inside you can't help but notice that what looks "normal" seems a bit off. I won't go into detail because I don't want to spoil anyone's journey. As you continue through this "house" you soon figure out that there is a hidden story and a mystery to solve which you attempt to do as you discover more clues as you go deeper and deeper into the vortex of this house.  There is nothing scary going on.  And sometimes you will run into strange looking mime characters who will want to interact with you. Don't be afraid. It's fun. Also, there are people who are part of the story located in various rooms. When you carry on a dialogue with them they give you clues as to the part they play. There are things to read and pictures to look at. There are "portals" that you can go through in various parts of the house. It's a playground for adults! You feel like a kid again! You can try to solve the mystery or you can just take it all in and experience it. I would go again. I'm sure there will be things I see the next time around that I missed the first time. I highly recommend it!

Hard to define this place.  Technically I would call it immersive art.  But it is really a combination of modern art, fun house, and haunted house.  Maybe a chuck e cheese for adults.  While the admission fee is a bit steep, it is a one of a kind experience.  If you have not been, it is worth checking out....especially if you have a rainy day.TIPS:-order your tickets on line and skip the line-there are food trucks outside-plenty of parking-you will have to check your bag 

lots and lots of surprises, live acts, live DJ, chockfull of edgy art... not much of a place for "fine" art lovers.. great place for kids for sure... 

I’d been looking forward to seeing Meow Wolf for months and it was no disappointment. A non-linear story-telling art installation, it’s feels something like a fun house-style Twin Peaks episode. But you get to be part of it. And that doesn’t really do a good job in explaining the experience. It was fun to just let go of expectations and wander around exploring and experiencing the time there. We spent 2+ hours onsite. Really enjoyed it. I could see making repeat visits as there is a lot to take in. 

This museum was otherworldly! So cool and unique. Nothing I have ever experienced. We spent about 2.5 hours walking through but you could definitely spend all day if you have the time. So much fun! You must go if in Santa Fe!!

Wow ,did not know what to expect but wow what a cool place. So many artists came up with all these ideas and they made this place fun .It is all hands on from room to room which are all connected through passage ways or other ways . Not a scary place but fun with all kinds of psychedelic art and colors.

Got a pamplet for this place, so we drove to Santa Fe to check it out, only to find out that they didnt allow strollers in the exhibits, which was really hard for having a toddler and a baby.  Otherwise the outside exhibits were cool and the inside area was neat.

Not quite sure how to describe  this place, but you have to go. We heard this from several people throughout our week in Santa Fe, so out last day we headed to check it out for ourselves.  It's a very interesting experience, interactive, colorful, unusual,  fun for the whole family or people young and old. You have to see it for yourself at least once.

I am not sure what else I was expecting, but there were one or two things I liked, the rest was just weird.  Having to get tickets online only was not ideal and no clear instructions that I could find online or at the place.  Staff tried to push 3-D glasses, some nice people gave us theirs when they left and we really did not use them more than once or twice. For the cost I feel they could have thrown them in. We had a much better time at the sculpture gardens and it was free.  We spent less than an hour in here, was too congested and disjointed for us.  Some of the exhibits just felt cheap and funhousy, maybe I just don't get this type of art.

Quite an experience. There is a two story house to be explored along eith many areas around the house, all a surrealistic art experience, open doors, find hidden passages, touchibg things may change colors, emit tones, and there is an underlying mystery to be solved, but, for me, better for subsequent visits. I went on a Wednesday, and was given a discount of 1/2 price, for those who have an issue with cost.

Had no idea what we were going to see and didn’t really care for it. Definitely not worth $55 for seniors. 

Big fun every time- for all ages. Challenging interesting artistic poetic and fun. Don’t go because you heard it’s the thing to do for your Instagram feed. Learn a little about it first. If you aren’t into pushing your boundaries, it’s probably not for you.

My friend and I are 64. We thought it was okay but it would be a total blast to take kids 13 and under. It’s kind of an artsy escape room but you don’t have to solve any puzzles.

This was recommended to my husband and me as the #1 thing to do in Santa Fe.  It did not disappoint.  It is an interactive art display.  You enter a house where there is a mystery to solve and find various portals into other worlds.  Like through closets, the refrigerator, and washing machine.  It is very hard to explain.  We went at 10:30, but noticed when we left at 12-ish that there was no line.  I would try to go when there were fewer people if we went again.  You should google this as it is a very unique activity.  Kids would love it.

We have been to Santa Fe few times but when we came this time few people recommended that place as a top attraction. It says a lot since Santa Fe has so much history. That place is hard to describe. I guess artistic interactive installation and scavenger/puzzle. One thing for sure it is so much fun and even turns adults into kids. Lots of people where sitting around and checking out their phone so we felt we are missing things because we did not read on it. So for sure we will go back with more preparations because I am sure there is more to discover in there. It was a little pricy for family of four but we thought it worth the money.

What a blast!  You must visit Meow Wolf when you go to Santa Fe -- it will set your inner child free and make you smile.

Meow wolf is extrordinsry, I would caution long lines on weekends, however interacting with art was incredible. Even my teenagers loved it, I havent been to any concerts, but as a local I always recommend it to tourists.

I plan on returning and solving the mystery.  Also, map out all the secret passages and other worlds.  It was living inside a comic book adventure....cooler then I expected!

This attraction is not for everyone and I was very disappointed I wasted time (and money) going on our last day in town when there were so many other things we could have done. Just not my thing.

Was a little concerned about the price, but one you get inside you can take as much time as you like and spend hours exploring. There are alot of kids and adults running around and exploring.  Great hands on experience.  Plus there is a coffee shop next to the gift shop that serves adult libations. 

A great way to have an adult adventure. Very fun to discover secret doors, openings, etc. that lead to new adventures. A very intriguing place to go to a discover your inner child. Definitely recommend it if you have the opportunity.

We came, we saw, I’m glad we did but I just left feeling rather underwhelmed. I loved the idea of the place and on the surface it was well executed but I’m still not convinced. It wasn’t overly busy when we visited but I still didn’t feel I could fully immerse myself in the real experience which meant we just sort of wandered around aimlessly. I wanted to love it and whilst it is aesthetically pleasing and you become intrigued by what you will find in the next room I was hoping for something more, especially given the price. My husband was much more taken with it however, maybe your level of enjoyment is determined by your pre-conceptions.

I haven't had this much fun in a long time, this was an amazing experience and will be coming back to solve the clues to the story!

We were told about this place and when we went found it to be fantastic it was just so good. Certainly hope they bring this to Australia it would be a hit there too. Well worth going 

This place is a unique experience.  It is just incredible.  Only drawback was that I had read it had a nice restaurant.  It has a bar with very limited packaged snacks.  The food truck outside was awful - greasy, sloppy, tasteless.  Try to go during the week and avoid holidays because it was so crowded. The performers/staff were fun, and the place is certainly worth a visit.

Highly recommended! You must experience it for yourself!  There is literally a surprise around every corner!

I visited recently for the first, and likely last, time. I went with my sister (we are both adults) and her 12 year old grand daughter. She and I were pretty disappointed though her grand daughter loved it. Lots of bright colors, odd transitions from one room to another and a few (very few) special effects which are shown in their commercials. I certainly did not feel the experience came anywhere near to matching the hype. Yeah, there are some creative minds at work here but I'd only recommend this experience for those with children. Pretty pricey too and the fact that you can only buy tickets online seemed kind of strange. Good thing we had cell phones with us so we could stand in line outside in the blazing sun while we tried to purchase tickets.

My wife and I absolutely LOVED this place.  We laughed, we were inspired, we were in awe, and would do it all over.  In fact they are due to open one up in Denver. What creativity by the artists.  The roaming actors were so fun.  This is a perfect place to take anyone and especially children.

Meow Wolf was fun, but we are a couple of 76 year old women and we didn’t want to crawl through the washing machine to get to the next place.  It was fun, and there is a mystery to solve, but I think it would have been even more fun with some grandchildren.  Sorry they weren’t there.

While visiting Santa Fe we made certain to save some time to visit Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Returns.  We are 2 seniors who had the best time traveling through kitchen refrigerator doors, playing music on the ribs of a skeleton, climbing steep stairs, taking photos to show the grandkids, searching for hamsters and relaxing in one of the many small rooms.  Is there a story line? Yes.  But after a time we decided  not to worry about the story line and just enjoy the experience.  We appreciated the work of the many artists who participated in the project.  I love the idea of converting an old bowling alley into this venue. This place has more parking than anywhere else in Santa Fe!  Well maybe not, but darned close. Can't wait for the Las Vegas and Denver venues to be completed.  We will be there!

Sooo much to see and experience! We have been here a number of times (locals) and we still can't say that we've experienced it all! It has a cool vibe with the cafe, the exhibits, and the 'playroom'.  It can be a bit overstimulating but it's very cool! Plan enough time to enjoy as much as you can.

You need to go to Meow Wolf if you are in Sant Fe!! This was one of the weirdest most fun things I have ever done!! It’s hard to explain but I promise you will enjoy this!! I highly recommend!!

Descriptions of Meow Wolf cannot capture the actual experience of spending an afternoon at this interactive Art venue. The story that you are challenged to solve is very clever and really brings the visitor into the world of 'House of Eternal Return', literally and figuratively... It is completely advanced but grassroots at the same time. This what makes it extremely unique!

Meow Wolf is hard to explain and fantastic. Our family really enjoyed this genuine, unusual, and oh so Santa Fe experience. It’s a huge installation art space that you walk through with a storyline that you can follow if you want. 

We thought we had to try Meow Wolf while we were in Santa Fe. However we found it gimmicky and crowded. The art was much less sophisticated than we would have expected given the very high caliber of the artistic community in Santa Fe. Would only recommend Meow Wolf for children or teenagers.

An intriguing adventure for 6 70 year old women. We loved it!  A must do in Santa Fe!  We had no idea what to expect so we were not disappointed.  It was lots of fun. 

I admit that one of the reasons I wanted to visit Santa Fe in the first place was to go to Meow Wolf. We went at 11:40 AM on a Monday and were honestly a little surprised by how darn busy it was (a Monday!) but we were able to get in right on time. We spent about two hours exploring Meow Wolf. It was absolutely fascinating and words just can’t describe it.  I won’t even waste time trying to put the experience into words - you just HAVE to go. The only reason I am rating this four stars is there are just too many people to fully enjoy the experience. We had to make multiple trips to one of the bedrooms in the house, for example, to see everything we wanted to see because there were ten people crammed in there. Too many people really takes away from the amazing experience.

I wasn't sure what to expect or if I was going to like it. I loved it. It was such a fun experience. I went with my mom, sister and my 16 month old son. It was great for everyone. We spent a little over two hours there and can see how you could spend much more time! 

What a creative, fun, crazy place.  We loved the fascinating ways to travel from one part to another -- slides, ladders, through appliances.  We also loved the two amazing male gymnast/dancers. They were so strong and also so graceful and beautiful.

What an amazing immersive experience!!!I’ve never seen/visited anything like it. You enter what looks like the foyer of an art school, then go through into a space in front of what looks like a normal, old house.Inside it’s like you’ve taken psychedelic drugs. You climb through appliances into another world. Room after room of incredible lights or collections of objects, peek through holes into the weirdest tiny dioramas, or just play with the displays and just keep on and on in the most incredible set of rooms and spaces. Plan for at least 3-hrs so you can enjoy it. Best to book ahead.

   An awesome, hands-on approach to art. Something the whole family will love. There is a interactive story you can follow, starting with the mail box to the right when you first go into the house scene. We spent hours inside.    They do N.M. resident, senior, and military discounts. There is also a little snack shack and gift shop. 

Great spot for all ages.  Lots of twists and turns.  Ask about mystery and scavenger hunt for hamsters.

What a fun way to spend a few hours exploring creative expression and wonderment. It starts with a seemingly inocous house and then spins into a wide range of realities. Grateful places like this exist...

I have no words to explain the incredible, immersive experience that is Meow Wolf.  I can't wait to bring my adult kids soon!  Bring your kids of all ages!  It is so cool!  take your time and explore, touch everything and expect to take around 2-2.5 hours but you can stay as long as you want.

Before going anyplace for vacation I research that place to find the top 10-25 things to do there.  I did this for Santa Fe, New Mexico and all of the different lists that I explored had Meow Wolf as the number one thing to do.  I visited the website.  To be honest the site looked like some burned out acid trip.  Not that this is necessarily bad but for $29 it seemed like a lot.  Plus, you had to get timed tickets which goes against a leisurely type of unscheduled vacation.  We bit anyway.  Got there and was immediately greeted by a huge blue mosaic dog, gigantic spider and towering robot.  Yeah!!!!.  Even waiting in line was an experience as interactive performance artists surrounded us while singing a bizarre song.  It just proved to be the beginning of a 4.5 hr, highly interactive, amazing, mesmerizing, and fun day.  Understand that this place is not for everyone at all.  It is unstructured, bizarre, random and has no clear point.  These are the reasons why I liked it.  If you need structure to your entertainment or explanations about things or get bored or upset by non-sensical things then this is definitely NOT the place for you.  The place in not to be explained but experienced.  Honestly, words do not really relay what the place is...you really do have to experience it.  We were 2 adults in our 50s and felt like giggly kids the whole time.  It's a wonderful and magical place that will keep the attention of kids for hours at a time.  Great for families, perfect for rainy days or if you need to let kids let off some steam.  Well worth the money.  Can't wait to go back with my 11 year old.  If you do go make sure to take you camera as the photo ops are endless.  There is one that is a ride in Denver and they are building one in Las Vegas which I'm sure is going to be outrageous.  It also serves as a venue for bands which I can only imagine would be a great experience as well.

It was so interesting.  The art installations were all so eclectic and different.  But, there's a cohesive story behind the experience.  I had heard about it, but wasn't sure quite what to expect.  If you open your mind and just take it all in; you won't be disappointed.  Just enjoy wandering around and experiencing it.Allow enough time to really see all of it.  It was like a big maze - lots of stairways, hallways, hidden doors, etc.  We also saw one of the performers on stage.  Her show was fun.  A little of everything from juggling to aerial acrobatics on silk.

This was a very interesting place to visit. We went as part of a Lexus trip and I had no idea what to expect. We did not follow the clues but we did walk through the entire place and it was well worth the time. I wish I would have learned more before we went in to really understand the concept. It is also a small club for up and coming bands. Looked like a great venue

This bizarre, interactive museum is a TON of fun!  We attended with 4 ladies over 50 years of age and acted like a bunch of children!  We had such a great time!  I would recommend Meow Wolf for any family or friends traveling to Santa Fe!!

In the middle of our visit, I turned to my teenage daughter and said, "I don't know how to go back to my normal life after seeing this place." It exceeded our expectations for weirdness, and we can't wait until the Vegas Meow Wolf opens! It's important to get timed tickets, unless you want to wait in line. I would also suggest going early so that you aren't surrounded by crowds. The key is to open everything - doors, bookshelves, appliances, etc. - you never know what is going to be in there!

Our teenage found this place online and wanted to experience this. We got there a half hour after opening. Be warned! It’s wildly popular and online tickets are a must!! Found out the hard way! 😔They section start times by the half hour so everyone doesn’t rush it at once. Kinda pricey, but worth the wait. It’s kept dim inside, but not scary at all. A few kids ( and teens) thought it was going to be like a haunted house; not at all. Lots to look at and experience, but very artsy. 

I was completely unaware that there was a mystery to solve at Meow Wolf.  The staff never mentioned a word when we bought our tickets.  Had zero idea that I should have been reading the letters, going through the drawers and cabinets for clues.  That would have made it much more interesting.  It is very pricey and to not be given this information up front is just plain wrong.  I would like to go back through now that I know I could have been using my super sleuth skills, but we were just visiting so there's a chance I may never get another opportunity.  :(

This is one of the most unique places we have ever been too! From the great sculptures (giant robot, wolf and spider)in the parking lot you immediately get the feeling this is going to be an unusual experience. Once inside you realize there is no linear approach to seeing what all is contained within. If you have the time (hours) you can partake in the mystery aspect and search for clues to solve the mystery. You need to look at everything and look for hidden items, secret passages and very strange articles. Or, can can wander hap-hazzardly through the rooms that start off as a house and progress through spaces like the giant creature rib bone xylophone that you can play a musical run on to a stage area where a beautiful alien girl performs a one alien show including hand balancing juggling and an incredible silk banner aerialist show.Well worth the money if you are into the strange and unusual.

Something new and interesting around every corner. Incredible rooms, nooks and crannies of different themes with lots of interaction opportunities; stalactites that when touched in different spots play tones, musical fish bones, funky clay guys that have their own sounds.  A great adventure.   

This place is a lot of fun.  It's inexpensive entertainment for all ages.  There are a few places that were restrictive is you have physical issues, but for the most part it is easy access.  From a kitchen, you can walk into a refrigerator and find yourself in another "dimension."  I's well worth the stop.

Meow Wolf defies description. But, our family said it was like an artsy Funhouse adventure, a fantastic disorientation experience, an engaging schizophrenic mystery, and something you just have to experience.

Where can you go and see people 5 to 85 all smiling?  All enjoying the experience on their terms?  Teenagers, older people, young parents. All entranced, as was I!!  What a treat and joy. My friends said “We can’t explain it. Just go and you’ll have a wonderful time!”  I say the same to you!  And...make sure that you take the time to see it all.  It’s easy to miss rooms. What a delight!

As locals, we finally made it to Meow Wolf for my sister's birthday - and were somewhat disappointed. The modern experiential art sprawls through many rooms in this 'Alice in Wonderland' style exhibit. It would have been more interesting to have a 'goal', like a scavenger hunt, while we meandered through the confusing maze. There were many attendants in white lab coats around - I guess to answer questions? They looked bored and only spoke to each other.One question that I came away with was, "how do they clean this place?" Many exhibits seemed impossible to clean, like the heavy shag carpets and rugs on benches. Bring hand sanitizer.

Meow Wolf. Meow Wolf is amazing. Here are the cons: it was very crowded on a Thursday afternoon. YES there is sensory overload (but you can leave the maze and building and come back!) It was hard to find parking. Sure there are some disadvantages but those are few in comparison to the advantages. Meow Wolf is AMAZING!! If you are a child at heart and have an imagination, you will have a great time. It was $60 for two people out of state and we totally thought it was worth it. We drove 6 hours to get there and also had so much fun in Santa Fe. Each door and hallway in Meow Wolf leads to a land of wonders. You can try and follow the mystery and backstory but I think you would need to sit and read a lot of material as there is a lot to go through especially as you enter the house. I don't think you need to go through the mystery, but it was fun reading as much as I could get my hands on. There are secrets and mysteries everywhere you look and especially touch. Touch as much as you can! Bang on the bones ;) and the mushrooms in the middle! Know that whatever you can open and interact with WILL enhance your experience. Do not rush through any room, even though there may be other people in the way. Take in every nook and cranny because there really is so much to see. If you love art, weirdness, and an indescribable experience.. GO!! You will not regret it. 

I don’t even know how to describe this place. I had zero expectation going in because I was not sure what it was. My teen would rate it a 5+, she loved all the obstacles and modern art. My mom (60) appreciated the love of art and interaction it sparked in the younger generation. My husband a 41 year old engineer renamed it “Neon Hell” and couldn’t wait to exit. Just to find out they didn’t start serving alcohol until 4:00 pm. I enjoyed the creative artistic phenom that it was. The secret nooks and crannies were fun. I really think (if you could last) you could stay hours. There were people solving the mystery but it was way to crowded for us to try to do it. They had different performing artists and that was fun! The price was maybe a bit high but it was definitely something you don’t see in every city. 

Even a bunch of old folks can enjoy the creativity of Meow Wolf. Lots to see. Really great for the young ones. They won't have time to get bored.

We truly knew nothing about this place, but had heard its a must see when visiting Santa Fe. I'm so glad we took the suggestion and went. What an absolute blast! Upon entering the house, we were immediately consumed by the story, but had no idea what was truly going on, but we were compelled to find out, lol! You could literally spend a whole day here reading all of the information and watching the videos, etc. My family is already talking about going to Nevada and Arizona when they open Meow Wolf there. This is a great experience for all ages. 

This is a great place for folks of all ages. We had so much fun while we were there. The only thing I would change is the amount of people let in at the same time.

I wasn't sure whether to expect a museum-type place or escape room experience and it turned out neither. NM residents get a discount, especially on Wednesday evenings, but otherwise it is pretty pricey. I was confused since it wasn't clear what the point was and some people referred to clues and spent time reading the random notebooks and messages throughout. Definitely felt sensory overload, especially during a crowded weekend. Not a place I would like to return to unless it was for one of their concerts.

Wild. Zany. Fun. Interactive. Possible sensory overload. But an absolutely great time and well worth the expense. A visual feast of interactive art experiences for all ages. Some parts of the exhibit require mobility (like going through the fireplace or up stairs), but large parts of the exhibit are available for everyone. Some of the exhibits do use strobe or flashing lights, and the exhibit can get quite crowded. And I’m not joking about possible sensory overload! Plan to spend around 2 hours minimum at the exhibit. But kids of all ages were there, and many of the exhibits are musical when touched, so it’s really great for small kids (and even adults *cough,cough*) that want to touch everything. I highly recommend. 

Took our grandkids age 13 and 12. Both are good artists and thought they would enjoy. Bought tickets online. A “must” as the line for us much shorter than if you waited til you got there.  We all enjoyed working together to find the clues to discover the story surrounding the house and family.  Took patience but very enjoyable. Kids also attended a 2 hour doodling class held by one of the artists. We had planned on spend one afternoon here while in Santa Fe but kids wanted to go back the next day too.  We agreed. 

We did not know what to expect when we stopped at Meow Wolf. Photos don't do it justice. It's called a "museum," but that gives a completely wrong impression. Trouble is, it's hard to know what to call it! It's part maze, part art installation (many of them), part adventure, part puzzle.... We only had about an hour and a half to visit, and it wasn't enough!! It would be easy to spend a whole day there. We're thinking of making a trip to Santa Fe at some point in the future just for Meow Wolf.Bring your inner child and prepare to be dazzled!

If you have been to a haunted house--this is like that except it is not scary--just a maze to open doors and walk through closets to get to another room.  I'm not a fan!  This might be exciting for children, not so much for adults without children.

We had a blast at Meow Wolf! We did chose the first time slot and was able to wait less than 5 mins in line. :) Lots of family fun. 

The crowds really take away from the experience, in my opinion. All of the "secret" passages are not-so-secret when dozens of people are making their way through them. Of course the exhibits are cool....but very hard to appreciate when you are dodging all the other people.  Wish there was a better way to moderate this, especially when you are already paying $29 per person! This is my 2nd time going because I had family in town. Both times, I felt like something important was missing....like a story, a true story to bring the intrigue, mystery, excitement. I think there was one, kind of, but never really got it...probably because of all the people! kept thinking "i'm missing something"

Took our grandkids, 11 & 13, they loved it. The whole place was pretty colorful, very interesting and full of all kinds of things to do for them. If you decide to go make sure you make appt on line, there was a lot of people , however it was very organized and water was available while you waited in line.  It will be a little challenging for older people, you do have to climb stairs and go through chimneys and refrigerators but overall it is great.

This place is unique. When I first heard about it I thought it was a museum but really it's a multimedia, interactive art exhibit. I was told there's a story and a mystery to solve or not and I did see many people trying but once I got into the main part of the place I forgot all about that and didn't feel my experience was dampened in any way. There's things to touch and hit and climb one. There's music and strange videos to watch. There's actors who meander about, caught in their own story. There's even an arcade. This place is definitely not for everyone. It's dark, a little cramped at times and there's things to crawl under and over but if you think you can do it I highly recommend going at least once, to say you've been. Maybe you can solve the mystery. 

We enjoyed our visit.  It was crowded which made some rooms a bit difficult to explore, and some rooms were simply too dark for my comfort.  However, other areas were a lot of fun and definitely worth a visit.

Meow Wolf lives up to the hype, but our visit of a mere hour left me feeling that I had missed the main event. Yes, it's possible to explore this sprawling environment on many levels, but without the time to immerse oneself in a careful exploration of the minutiae (e.g., notes on the bookshelf, pages of a diary lying casually on the table) in several of the rooms, you'll leave feeling that it's merely a quirky piece of artsy sci fi fantasy. My sense is that its a lot more, but only time could tell....

This place is amazing. When we first arrived you see these giant sculptures. My teens thought it was a museum and were a little impressed with the giant robot. We were greeted by a man in a suit asking if we had tickets. BUY THEM IN ADVANCE! We arrived early with the tickets and still had to wait in a long line. The staff makes it quick. They give you rules and for once they stated "You're allowed to touch everything. It's encouraged." Then they give you an interesting storyline to see if you can solve it. This intrigued my family. Check in was quick and once you have a wristband it's a day pass. You can come and go as you like which was good. As soon as we walk in we were amazed. You walk into a house fully furnished with hidden walkways, artifacts, and places that come from dreams/nightmares. I have 2 teens and they absolutely loved it. It's a bit pricy but well worth it. It does get crowded and there are some very tight spaces. We went through the house and found several hidden passageways( walked through a dryer, fridge,ice machine, chimney etc.). We downloaded the app: The anomaly tracker. We were fully invested in the story. We did see some people that just walked through and were still having fun. My daughter loves Alice In Wonderland and she felt like Alice. My only wish is that they had the mini snippets of video on a DVD for sale. I really wanted to know the entire background story. This was the most fun we had on our trip. I HIGHLY recommend it.

Our 15 year old granddaughter agreed with us seasoned citizens on Meow Wolf, very interesting but one time here is plenty. It is a museum of oddity, as if someone's bad dreams were drawn out in rooms of a building. Not worth the $90 for the 3 of us.

We had a fascinating time following the narrative to determine what exactly took place on the house. Although it seemed we were one of the few groups doing so. Most seemed to be wandering around aimlessly looking and touching. Which you can certainly do, but following the clues and cracking the mystery very much added to the enjoyment for us. It was a trippy good time! 

We were in town visiting and heard amazing things about Meow Wolf. We go to lots of art installations, but this one is completely different. Instead of multiple exhibits and pieces that are not interconnected, everything in Meow Wolf is not only visually stunning, but they are all work together to tell a story. When we first came in the exhibit we thought it was cool, but we were a bit underwhelmed at first . Then when we started to figure out the story, thats when the fun really started. Every exhibit & installation has small clues of what really happened to the family that lived in the home. If it wasn't for our flight that was leaving in a few hours, we would have stayed their all day. Each of the spaces are visually stunning with no expenses spared to create a stunning show piece. 

Bought tickets online, arrived about 30 minutes before our entrance time and the queue for online tickets already had about 50 people in line!  Once the time arrived, more waiting...only allowed about 7 or so people through the door at a time. Once inside, you are checked in and may purchase 3D glasses for a nominal fee, couple of bucks.  Bought them but really didn't notice a huge difference in how things looked.Then you are off for an amazing, crazy experience.  I did not try to solve the mystery of the family.  I only wanted to enjoy all the artistry and craziness without thought.  I will not attempt to describe what I experienced, don't want to spoil it! It was amazing! You can spend as much or as little time as you wish!Don't miss this unique experience!Small gift shop when you exit.

We visited Meow Wolf last week and had an absolute blast! I'd describe it as a combination art museum/fun house/haunted house. Lots of very unusual hands-on rooms to explore and experience. I think our favorites were the walk-in fridge, the slide-down dryer, and the laser harp that you can play. What a great time for the whole family! 

Not sure the drugs these artists were on but..........give me some. LOL  This place was fantastic.  Great for all ages.  My wife and I are both over 50YO and we loved this place.  Words cannot describe what this place is. After spending 3+ hours in there we still are not sure how to explain it or what to call it.  It's just fun.  Only complaint is price of entry is very expensive.

I saw Meow Wolf listed on a parent site as a recommended stop and I am so glad we went! The staff was awesome and so nice to us. The exhibit itself is incredible. There were older kids looking for "clues" in part of the exhibit- ? scanvenger hunt. I wasn't sure exactly what that was about. My kids loved this place! IT was absolutely amazing, being transported to different worlds. It is pricey, it was little over $100 for a family of 4,  but a wonderful unique experience.

We had a great time at Meow Wolf! There was an intimidatingly long line out front but it moved quickly and didn't feel too crowded on the inside. We appreciated that it was open late in the evening on Saturday night and enjoyed checking out the gift shop and having a drink in the bar afterwards. Overall 5/5.

This place is almost indescribable.  This place is like a maze and art rolled up into the one.   The mystery story and beauty of the place are amazing.  Great for kids and adults. 

It is an interesting place to go.  Was very crowded on a Monday afternoon.  There is not much of a description or introduction provided - you basically go in the place and try to figure it out.  Lots of interesting artwork and things to see and do.  Worth the time and money although not sure I would take young children there (do not think they would "get it").  We were told that after you go there several times you begin to solve the "mystery".  It was also pretty clear that if you wanted to sort out the mystery you need to pay the $ 5.00 and download the app

Meowwolf in Santa Fe is a hands on art museum/mystery house/experience like none other. It was...interesting. We came away with mixed emotions. it was neat but very chaotic (especially with 5 young bosses, 5-13, accompanying us), kinda crowded and maybe even over stimulating (insert exhausted Grandma emoticon here). We did, however, walk from one realm into another through a refrigerator door, disappear through a dryer and walk into the secret passageway in the fireplace!  We enjoyed it but probably won’t take another grandkid adventure in that direction.  

This place is impossible to describe and I thought everyone who told me to go but attempted to explain it was nuts!  Now I understand.  It is a wild, crazy, psychedelic, nutty, fun experience.  I loved it and my daughter and her boyfriend ADORED it.  They spent almost an entire day!!  All I can say is, go to Meow Wolf and be prepared to be visually overwhelmed.  It is a BLAST!

My friends and I were looking for something to do on our last day in NM. After a tip from a server at San Marcos, we decided to check out meow wolf, and we are glad that we did. We started out by trying to solve the mystery, but as time went on, we just decided to enjoy the house/mystical lands.  The “chroma classes” cost $1.00, and it really helped make things pop, especially in the fluorescent painted rooms.  Word of caution: some of the passageways are super tight, and extremely low, so be prepared to crawl or suck it in.  Spent about 2 hours here, but we could have spent more.  Definitely a must do in the Santa Fe area!

Let me start by saying....on a scale of 1-10 this place rates a 10!  If you can “alter your mental status” wink-wink-nudge-nudge, it would rate a 100! Ha!  My family and I (6 year old and a 15 year old) visited on 06/16 on our way through to our hotel.  We got there around 6:15 and they close at 8.  We found this a good amount of time to explore around! Do yourself a favor and buy the 3-D glasses ($1) for an extra trippy experience.  So what’s it like???  If Dr. Seuss tripped acid with Rod Serling and they built an interactive maze of multi-leveled rooms it would be similar!  Each room offers kid friendly interactive experiences.  Open doors and drawers and find yourself in sensory overload.  I did see some people attempting to “decode” clues in each room...I believe there is another element to this place but in my lack of time, I didn’t ask!My 6 year old was a bit scared of some rooms but there was a ton of stuff she wasn’t scared of so it made up for it!  My 15 year old, who is usually buried in her phone every waking minute, was actually having fun without her phone!  That alone was worth the price!  If you have been to the “City Museum” in St. Louis, it’s very similar, with less climbing on things.  If you are in the area, it’s definitely worth the time.I’ll post a pic of the outside of the building since I don’t want to ruin the inside for you!

do i think it's an artcistic marvel - NO - is it a fun unique kind of adult funhouse - YES - is it a must do - depends if you're looking for art or experience ....

You walk into an old house and immediately your senses are tested because you are encouraged to open every cabinet, crawl through fireplaces and go into washing machines, only to be deposited in another room surrounded by art work from dozens of local artists.  Financed by one the the backers/producers of "Game of Thrones" this is a unique museum, delightful for adults and children alike.

Meow Wolf in itself was a very cool experience. My only complaint is that they allow full fledge photo shoots there. I’m not sure if we just happened to come on the wrong day, but there were at least six like 15 year old girls having full on photo shoots with cameras and lighting. We had to wait multiple times for about 15 minutes because they’d be taking pictures in paths, stair ways, and even in some sensory rooms. I understand the policy that photography is allow but that was excessive and extremely annoying. Unfortunately it really took away from the experience.

First the details.We had timed tickets for 10 am, and arrived at 9:35.  There was plenty of parking available at that time and we were close to the front of the line.  Promptly at 10 am, they started letting people in, there was no wait.  I found the employees at the desk to be friendly and helpful.  When we left around 1.5 hours later, there was no line outside, although people were circling the lot for a parking spot.I would absolutely buy your timed ticket online.  Also there are no backpacks or strollers allowed, so a small shoulder strap purse would be your best bet. Although there are a few tight squeezes, any sized person can participate in this experience.  It would be difficult for anyone with sensory issues or a mobility disability.Now for the experience.If you have kids, are a kid at heart, or ever even were a kid, you should go!!! This is completely unique, surprising and wonderful.  Be sure to go through every closet and open every door.  My 7 and 10 year olds loved it, as did I.  Everyone there is walking around smiling.  I would also encourage you not to show the TripAdvisor photos to your party...let them be surprised and delighted as it unfolds.

A sensory sensation for all ages.  Little kids loved all the crawling and hidey holes, adolescents loved the clues and trying to figure out the story, young adults were impressed by the visuals and sound and this 60-something was blown away by the scope of the project, the artists it must have employed, AND all of the things that the other ages enjoyed.  This is Disney for a Disney-hating art lover.

We waited in line until 6:40 to get in with our 6:00 PM tickets.  The number of people that were allowed in at one time was overwhelming.  We could not experience much without waiting our turn or running into someone.  Within 15 minutes we were ready to get out of there but because we had paid $60, we made ourselves stay for half an hour.

1. You should (or have to on certain days) buy tickets ahead of time.2. Even with tickets, you may be waiting in line to get in.3. Parking sucks when it’s busy, nothing in the lot, you’re potentially parking blocks away on side streets.4. Can be very crowded inside...if you have young kids, you’ll be chasing them.5. It really is great for all ages as there are two levels...the ‘on the surface’ experience and then the underlying mystery/narrative.6. With young kids, or not a lot of time, it’s about the experience.7. Without young kids and time, one can seek the full understanding.8. You can step out of the thing...for restroom, food, bar...and re-enter.9. As you’re walking out, pay it forward by handing off your $1 per pair of 3D-glasses to someone waiting in line to get in. 

I was nervous about visiting because I am fluffy and gathered from comments that it's not fluffy friendly. However, I am so glad I visited because it was totally fine! It is busy, so I suggest prepurchasing timed tickets and arriving early for your time to line up. I found the employees to be nice (it has to be a bit boring to sit in the dark and watch people take selfies all day) and helpful. It was a really great experience and I highly recommend it! 

I thought it was going to be a sort of art gallery, but it's really an installation of about 200? artists working on rooms together. I describe it as "Alice in Wonderland" meets "Dr. Seuss". A lot of weird stuff, in separate rooms, mostly interconnected thru portals, like walking thru a refrigerator, or a wall of hanging plastic. One room might look like an old fashioned farmhouse, but it has stuff alluding to aliens, and in one you sit in a weird space capsule, and another is a forest of psychedelic trees, that turns out to be you in a fish bowl. Lots of stairs leading to a second floor of adventures. Even with a cane, you can see pretty much everything. It takes about 2 hours to see it all, and you can spend more or less time, depending on if you want to touch everything (which is encouraged). // There is a cafe and gift shop in the lobby. If you buy tickets online, you get in sooner. They are closed on Tuesdays. There is a big parking lot and on-street parking. I found the price high, especially compared to "real" art museums. It's tempting to try and capture some of the oddities on film to try and show people what it's like. I would say people of any age would get some fun out of it.

First off, buy your ticket online. The line is so long with your timed ticket just imagine the standby! Luckily, we had our tickets printed. Waited about 15 minutes total to get in but we'll worth it. Purchased the 3d glasses, highly recommend. There was people every where;however Meow Wolf kept the temperature at a good setting. There is so much to see and do. Kids that enjoy art would love this place. We got lost a few times but found our way eventually. It's a crazy fun house with doors everywhere! This is a must do in Santa Fe. 

This was a most unique place to visit and a definate stopping point for anyone traveling to the area. Something for everyone and unlike anything I had ever seen.

We LOOOOOOOVED Meow Wolf- was a really really unique place.  Unlike anything we had experienced before. Had planned to stay for about an hour to 90 minutes. Ended up staying nearly five hours.   If we lived in the area we without a doubt would get a season pass to come back again and again to unravel the mystery. On this visit we started to read the mystery but quickly abandoned it in favor of just drinking it all in.  And wow- would LOVE to see a live band here at night.  Would be so cool.

This is like an adult playground. Great for kids and grown ups alike. I can only imagine the people that created this place were tripping at the time. It took us about 90 minutes to see everything and you will get lost in this bizarre maze. Open every door you can including refrigerators, washing machines, under stairs cupboards etc. Oh and we didn’t see the 3D glasses and no one mentioned when we checked in. Looks like the experience would be enhanced by having these - they’re only $1 at the entrance. 

Meow Wolf was highly recommended by friends, but we had no idea how amazing it could be. We spent 3 hours there and we did not even participate in the house mystery !!!Such creative and fun ideas that push the limits of what art really is.Surprised to see older folks with limited mobility as well as babies ....something for everyone.

Loved this place. Combination of haunted house, Disneyland and 50s and 60s flashback! So many unique rooms to explore and surprises. Hard to describe. You just have to experience it! Want to go back again if in Santa Fe area.

Nice and a real interactive art house.  Fun.  Different.  Regular admission is a little over priced I think.  We went to concert at night and that also allowed us to see the art house...great deal if you can plan it that way.  Glad we went.

Amazing artist collective that has surpassed all expectations of success.  Guests visiting us from across the U.S. always want to go. My grandchildren love Meow Wolf and want to go every time they visit. Warning: designate a meeting place in the beginning and try to keep up with each other  because there is magic and surprise around every corner and its easy to get lost amid the excitement and number of people enjoying the stimulating and creative environment.

Meow Wolf is a very cool interactive walk-through art installation.  There is some sort of a story/mystery to solve, but I did not attempt this, I just walked through.  The art is weird, psychedelic, and beautiful.  I had a great time finding secret rooms and hidden passageways.  There was also a live band playing the night we went.  Don't expect any obvious games or objective, just explore and have fun with an open mind.  It was a bit crowded, but not too bad.  Also, don't do too much research online before hand.  If you look at too many pictures or videos you won't be surprised by it in person!

The pictures say it all however being there and experiencing this first hand is the only way to appreciate this

Really can't describe. Great place for kids and adults. Completely unique experience that I would recommend to anyone. Heard about it for awhile and it lives up to the hype.

Not sure what the hype is. It was interesting, it probably would have helped if when we checked in we had been told that there’s a theme or “mystery” to try to solve by reading notes and listening to videos. The one video I did listen to I would not have wanted my grandkids to listen to, it was very dark. It’s very crowded so you don’t really get to discover “secret” passages as they are pretty much open at all times by people going in and out. Some of the displays were nice and some were not. The parking is atrocious, I don’t understand how the city approved that set up. The parking alone will keep us from ever returning. 

This was like Andy Warhol and Pablo Pacso had a child and fed it magic mushrooms. It was an amazing experience. You will definitely get sensory overload, which is a good thing. My kids loved the twists and turns and exploring all the different areas. I would definitely do this again. Ot is well worth the price of admission. 

Give yourself lots of time to be immersed. Take time to learn the story and enjoy the art installations

I was told I had to visit this place some day, and I'm so glad I did! You can spend hours in this dreamscape and enjoy exploring all corners. There is a unique turn behind every door, hallway and appliance. The craft cocktails at the bar were pretty cool too. I hope to visit one of their other locations when they are up and running. I'll even bring my kids next time.

Awesome modern art experience and interesting music venue. Definitely worth taking a look at multiple times.

Touch everything, you never know what will happen.  Refrigerators and book cases take you to another room. It is built around a house but crawl through the fireplace and come face to face with a dinosaur or neon color reef with colorful fish. There is a room with just eyes, a half bus sitting vertically and other surprises.

If you approach Meow Wolf as an art exhibit and soak in the bizarre and creative structures, you'll probably have a great experience. We were led to believe that is was a mystery that need to be solved and were sorely disappointed. The construction is incredible. The surprises behind doors, refrigerators, and every conceivable doorway were fun. If you start in the house you are confronted by the mystery of the missing son. Clues abound and the mystery begins. We searched every corner of the space, in and out, up and down, and over and under. There was no resolution to the mystery; I asked at the front as we left and it was confirmed that there is no resolution in the search for clues. My buddy, who had been here before, remembered finding the video that explained it all, but apparently they've remodeled since then and removed that opportunity. It seemed a bit expensive for a pointless adventure and the 3D glasses (which cost extra) were not needed at all. The entire experience is impressive and the creativity is amazing, but we felt deceived by the way it was presented.

An experience unlike any other for adults and children.  Go with an open mind to discover life through the imagination and collaboration of several artists.  Interactive

It was a hoot. Crawl through the fireplace on hands and knees to experience a truly impressive world.  Open the fridge and enter a rabbit hole to a whole different adventure.  Nothing is what it seems.  Wander and explore.  I think we saw it all but really not sure except that it was an adventure.

The Meow Wolf 'House of Eternal Return' is just incredible.  I really don't want to give too much away--except just think of it as a trip into alternate reality. It does involve a mystery, so a full journey involves examining all of the documentary evidence in the main house--the books, journals, video--even the mail box-- should be inspected.  And you must check out the closets, washing machine, and of course, the refrigerator.  Do be warned--there is some ladder climbing and tight space negotiation--not mandatory for the visit, but be prepared if you choose those routes.

This place is fun to experience as it is completely different than what I have experienced in the past.  I am not even sure about how to describe it.  I think it is worthwhile to go through it at least once if you are into multi sensorial experiences and are with kids. I won't do it again.  It is over hyped.  Tickets are expensive, it is very crowded, had to wait in a long line to buy tickets and get in.  If you do decide to go, highly recommend to purchase tickets online ahead of time to avoid waiting in line.

Quirky place with lots of sensory overload. Too busy, noisy, and bizzare for our tastes. You're kids (especially ages 10 - 20) will love it, I'm sure!

This place is amazing.  I recommend that for the first time you go in and just have the experience.  The second time you can purchase the app and follow the story.  Plan to spend several hours exploring because there is so much to see.  I can’t wait for the new locations to open.  A must see in Santa Fe. 

Our visit would have been much more pleasant and interesting without buses full of screaming, high energy school children. We love children and feel it’s important for them to experience the arts. However, I feel it would be very beneficial to all if there were some separate adult only hours. This was a very unusual, interesting, one of a kind experience. We probably would have spent more time and enjoyed it much more if we’d been able to focus on the art. 

There are many museums in Santa Fe. And you can’t normally touch or interact with any of the exhibits. But at Meow Wolf, you must! This place is a blast! There are no docents, no explanation of what the artist was thinking. Just your own mind and sense of adventure. You crawl through fireplaces and enter a world of musical dinosaur bones. This is a great way to spend a few hours a remember that art can be mind-bending and never done.

Grandkids heard about this researching the trip to New Mexico, it is a really unusual place, I understand the first one like it, long line but we got tickets on the net so did not need to stand in the outside line, there was an inside line. There are weird things going on, unusual art, people coming out of refrigerators or closets, fun things to play with, I understand you can try to figure out why the "house" is the way it is. For the younger people it is worth going, us older ones, well we were entertained too.  You can pay an extra buck for the 3D glasses, I saw little benefit.  No backpacks etc. allowed inside but they have a check point. You can take all the pictures you like.

First, a disclaimer. I was with 3 fellow travelers when I visited. None of them would fully agree, or perhaps even partially agree with this review. Two got vertigo within 10 minutes and the other got bored. This is a venue in which you will need to totally immerse yourself to get everything out of it that it has to offer. A story is being told and a cry for help,  to understand the story you have to pay attention to clues throughout the tour and use your imagination. If you think you are going to experience something akin to a ride at Disneyland or have an experience similar to visiting an art museum you will be disappointed. However, if you let your imagination run wild and are willing to stay open and be attentive then it can be an amazing, entertaining and a fun experience. Enjoy!

What to be blown away by thoughts and mind games? Shift into all sorts of types of worlds, this place is phenomenal! Third time going and cannot wait to see what we reveal! Start with the letter in the mail box. 

The experience is amazing.  You enter a world that takes you from the ordinary and shows what artists' imagination can spin from a story.  It is place to explore every nook and cranny finding the unusual in the mundane.  

I wish I could tell you what this place is about. It's interesting and it's creative, but weird and very expensive - $25. Maybe it was just me because the majority of the reviews are positive. I'll leave it at three stars because the staff was nice and returned our admission when we told them Meow Wolff just wasn't for us.

you just have to go. It's beyond explanation.  It's ever changing, and also becoming a great venue for music.  Fun for kids and adults.  

I mean, the title says it all, the point is what it is? Let it mean what it will.. to each of us. But, It’s worth it. Artists challenging us to make it  make what you will. The eternal house of return after all. Don’t get it? Then you don’t get it at all. So, get along little doggie, 

We spent close to $60 for 2 people and have no idea what we saw here.Everyone says its so cool and so unique and so different.  And it is but so what?  When I go somewhere or do something I want to understand what it is that I am doing or seeing.This feels like they just dumped a bunch of brightly colored stuff in a pile and then created a pathway around and through it.We actually stopped a staff member and asked him what were we supposed to be doing or understanding here and he couldn't even give us a clear answer.  We found an exit after 30 minutes or so and ran.Also don't spend even the $1 more on the 3d glasses.  There is nothing to do with them.  You have to constantly look around to find what they would be useful for and that adds to the level of frustration.

Meow Wolf cannot be explained. It must be experienced. Go. Marvel. Play. Enjoy. Even on Friday evening, it wasn’t too crowded. This experience will unlock your creative mind. 

Meow Wolf and the House of Eternal Return are a must see. It's an immersive experience that will stimulate your senses. We went on a Monday morning at opening time, and it took roughly 30 minutes to get in. If you know when you're going, buy your tickets in advance to avoid the line!

We visited Meow Wolf during spring break, so it was crowded, but the wait was worth it. From crawling through a fireplace into a room of pink stalactites, sneaking through bookcases, playing a laser harp and wandering through crazy trippy rooms, each of us found something to enjoy at this unique art experience. We spent over 3 hours before we decided to grab some lunch. We could have easily spent more. I've never seen anything like this and it is hard to describe. You need to experience this one!

Amazing place to visit!  Almost too many things to take in, if that’s possible.  There’s something cool around every corner, and our whole family enjoyed it.  I would recommend downloading the app, which I think gives you a bit of a guide for your journey.  We didn’t do that, and regret it.Lines can be long but they are open till around 9pm.  We arrived early during the week, and the line was sizable!  Came back around 6pm and the line was very short.

I had read a little about Meow Wolf and I am a fan of modern art, but the experience was not exactly what I expected. The line outside took an hour and then there was another ten minute line inside (an employee said this is typical, but that evenings were a little less crowded). They did have food trucks onsite and allowed families with young children to go inside to a special area to wait. The first room was the neon twig forest with the diver inside and mirrors that put you in the scene-- okay, so far so good, but then it changed into something entirely different. Secret passageways, an abandoned house, nooks and crannies with eccentric displays, buttons to push that light things up or play music, a treehouse, dryers and refrigerators you can climb through to get to the next room- the whole time I was there I was thinking that my pre-teen granddaughter and her toddler sister would love the place-- and there were many children there. For adults, it's a little underwhelming if you have seen other modern art exhibits.There is a sign in the museum that says "Sorry- We're High" and on one of the tapestries in the abandoned bedrooms it says "You can't trip like we can"-  "psychedelic" is a very apt description of the displays. $31 is a high admission price, although there are military and New Mexico resident discounts. Some locals said the best bargain is to go when they have concerts, as museum entry is included in the ticket price.

We were there during spring break.  Pre-purchased our tickets. Got there at 10:15 a.m.. It had snowed the nite before and was very cold and windy.  We waited in line for 1 hr. & 45 min.  They had space heaters that didn,t work.When we finally got into the bldg. we had to wait in another line.  Couldn’t,t leave or wouldn’t, leave because tickets are not refundable.  There were 8 of us. 3 seniors,  adults,   Preteens.  My husband & I found a sofa & watched people for 2 hrs. The rest of the party wandered around for 2 hrs.  Bottom line—- not for seniors  because of physical limitations,  The  50 year olds had “sensory overload” and the kids weren’t, impressed. Won,t go back

I would say that the experience was much less "art" than I had expected. It is much more of an interactive theme-park/detective game than an art installation, in my opinion, which is completely debatable. However, there are some gems hidden in there, such as a room with just lights and music, that I think make it at least worth the trip. Tickets are pretty overpriced for adults. I would say this is a GREAT place to take young children. 

I love Meow Wolf. It is the coolest art installation I have ever seen. Someone could spend hours and hours in there and not see/experience everything.Recently went to a concert there and that was also awesome. Because of the way the performance area is set up you can look down on the band from the second floor and one is only 10 15 feet away. If you like interactive art experiances you can't beat Meow Wolf.

My daughter loved this!  It was like being inside someone else's dream. There are so many places for pictures and it is all interactive. Very cool experience.

This place is incredible! I have never actually felt like I was part of a living art experience- and Meow Wolf is just that. Many praises to the beyond brilliant artist who created Meow Wolf. My friends and I agreed that this was our absolutely favorite thing we did in Santa Fe

I saw this place on Facebook awhile ago and then we come to Santa Fe and it's here....woohoo! You'll love it! It's funky, interactive and they have a bar. What more could you ask for.

After having heard about this place forever, and studied the making of it, the collective who envisioned it, and the way it was funded, I was pretty disappointed by Meow Wolf. Part of the trouble is that, sure, it's wacky good fun, but any comparisons to events like SLEEP NO MORE are unwarranted. If there is a story, then why is the reading material in places too dark to read it? I love science fiction myself, but man, this isn't that. It's an inconsistent mess of allusions to, well, everything, and yeah, it's hallucinogenic and crazy, but just not smart. In other words, it's pretty cheaply made. I love devised theatre. I love collective work. I wanted to love this. Much of the warehouse was clever, but I'd love there to be more suspense as you travel through the maze towards putting a story together. Buttons are pushed. Lighting is fun. but most of all, this is a huge commercial venture, one intent (look at the gift shop and the dollar 3D glasses) on stripping audiences of every dollar they have. It's not awful by any means. It's dumb fun. But the operative word is DUMB. 

Very interesting, creative, family-friendly and engaging staff. Can't say enough about it. Everyone, young and old, had a good time.

What a great place. I could spend days here, playing music on laser beams, sliding down tunnels, sitting back watching colors change my brain. It’s all hands on experience art, you got to go there! 

Amazing interactive art exhibit. Can not explain in a review...you have to visit to understand! I mean, wow! Your kids will love it...young and old. Great staff and mind alternating art. This is my fourth visit. New location and new rooms, but worth visiting over and over! NM teachers get 50% discount! 

How fastinating and fun to look at the world through unique art. This is a great experience for all ages. Overwhelming at times but very mind provoking. Cannot wait to visit the Denver exhibit when it opens.

We had a blast! I go to Meow Wolf regularly to explore and always see something new. You could literally spend eternity in here as the outside world pushes on. If you haven’t been for a concert yet, you are missing out suckas!!!

We had so much fun here! So well done! My kids, 4,11,& 16, said that they wished all museums were like this. They all loved it and so did we. Can't wait to visit the upcoming locations!

The most fantastical and bizarre art experience you'll have. There's really nothing like this place (yet...excited for more Meow Wolfs). Immerse yourself by touching, listening, and staring at a bowling alley full of the unusual. You enter Meow Wolf and feel as if you've been transported to a different world. Don't look up pictures in advance if you can hold yourself back. It's worth seeing everything for the first time in person. They do change exhibits from time to time as well so there will be things you likely can't find online. I went for three hours and will absolutely go again next time I'm in town. There are so many details that are impossible to tease out on one trip.

This place is... AMAZING you could literally spend all weekend there and still leave in confusion and wonder and wanting more. I could understand how this isn't some people's cup of tea but it has a little bit of something for everyone. We have decided to make a yearly trip of it. We cannot wait for October to roll around.

Entering Meow Wolf was like traveling back in time to that awe and wonder that is childhood. We went with our children who were 6 and 8 at the time and our whole family spent hours exploring and immersing ourselves in the Meow Wolf universe. Don't miss out on the amazing refreshments too... the Nebular Marbits hot chocolate is heaven in a mug!

My husband and I visited MW with our 2 children (ages 9 & 12). We spent more than four hours immersed in the wonder of this experience and just loved it! I’ll admit that we only tried to follow the story line for a few minutes—next time we go, we will definitely explore that aspect of it. We loved wandering through the rooms and took time to appreciate the detail, creativity, and artistry of it all. We have recommended MW to all our friends! 

My boyfriend and I were told about this place by many people and saw lots of brochures so we decided to stop on our way out of Santa Fe. It cost about $50 for the two of us to get in. (Cheaper if you’re a NM resident) We walked around on a Sunday mid afternoon and there was quite a fair amount of people. It’s very different, pieces of art you wouldn’t see elsewhere and you can touch everything. I would imagine it would be fun to take young kids.

It was the perfect mix of every feeling in the world all at the same time. It was almost like being in the movie Willy Wonka. That's the vibe I got anyway. I'm sure everyone will relate in their own special way. My kids loved it, and my wife,and I felt like children again! Eveyone should try this once in their life! Good Times👍!!!

My 10 year old son discovered MW on line and became obsessed.  I surprised him with a visit last weekend.  I found the website clear about days and hours so I had no problem planning.  I also follow MW on FB so knew about the remodel and newer exhibits.  Since my son had done the research I knew we would need 2 days there to really have the MW experience!  First off, the staff was very gracious and amazing.  We happened to be there on a long line day but the staff was very apologetic and did their best to get us through as fast as possible.  The first day was reserved for simply exploring without taking our time.  We got the lay of the land and had fun playing with all of the interactive stuff.  Since we wanted the full MW experience, we invested in Piper's Diary from the gift store to learn more about the story - boy did this help the next day.  We then went room by room, slowly, reading everything available to immerse ourselves completely in the story. We also downloaded the MW APP to have more of the experience.  The Charter workers at MW were also helpful.  I don't think you can fully appreciate the layers upon layers of creativity that went into The House of Eternal Return unless you take time to know delve into the story.  We had a blast!  And I fully recommend drinking a Meowgarita at the end of the day!  We are so glad we made the effort to see the original MW and plan on going to Vegas next year for the next one!

This place is amazing!  The creativity, innovation and thought that went into this place is mind boggling. We were pretty over overstimulated after the 4 hours we spent here. You could spend days here and not see/ hear/feel/interact with everything. This is a must on the list for things to do in Santa Fe. 

We’ve driven the 4 hours to Santa Fe multiple times just to go to Meow Wolf. It’s such an adventure every time we go! Pure magic around every corner! We love to explore and find all the new secrets.

I'd heard of Meow Wolf and wanted to expeirence it for the first time with my husband and grandchildren (3 boys). We arrived about 15 minutes after they opened (get there EARLY to beat the crowds). The checking-in process was smooth (your wrist band allows you to leave and return on same day....lunch, etc) and we were on our way! My frist bit of advice is to READ EVERYTHING! Also...TAKE YOUR TIME going through as everything you see, read, hear, experience will help you understand and solve the mystery. If you missed a clue or cant figure something out, go back...even to the mailbox in front of the house...go to the study....the living room...everywhere.  LOOK, READ! Hours of entertainment.  We stopped for lunch (fast food establishments less than .5 mile away, and returned for anothewr two hours.  

Visiting from out of town. This location was recommended by all. Now I understand why. Great photo can be had, interactive rooms. Just roam around and enjoy or try to solve the mystery. I went on a Sunday around 4p and i was able to move around comfortably. Totally worth the price of admission

We attended the art installation/experience and had a pretty good time.  Love the NM discount!  It is interesting and bigger than the sum of its parts.  It definitely appeals to kids, or the kid that all of us once were, but is not really constructed with our American version of safety and durability in mind.  So, watch your children folks! It's a big place and very easy to loose them.  I saw a couple of parents "in search of."  Part of Meow Wolf's charm is the materials that you get to interact with, but I could see (even in the very dim lighting) the couch area and other areas already have a lot of wear and tear.  So very good idea, but not very practical.  I recommend going at least once though.  Also, lines are long, people at front sometimes feel the need to over-explain---short and sweet please!Parking fills up and you have to find some neighborhood near by to park at and walk a ways.

We had no idea what Meow Wolf is/was but everyone in Santa Fe kept recommending it to us as a "must visit" so we decided to check it out! We weren't sure what we were going to other than an art exhibit and were surprised by how interesting/strange it was! We still aren't sure if/what the whole story is behind it but we enjoyed exploring each room and all the secret passageways/connections.

We flew into town intending to do a four day museum tour, but our uber driver drove us by Meow Wolf on the way into town.  He told us a little about it and highly recommended it to us.  (We were not yet convinced).  Over the next few days we looked it up on trip advisor, yelp reviews, and on the internet.  (We still weren't convinced...especially since some of the reviews comment on the long wait times....).   On our third afternoon we were sort of museumed out, and the shuttle driver from our hotel told us that he takes his kids to Meow Wolf.  (We still werent convinced, but decided it would be worth the gamble.).  WE HAD SUCH FUN!   Two women in their sixties, falling down the rabbit hole of Meow Wolf.  After we left I realized I wanted to keep opening doors and finding cool stuff behind them :).   Thank you to everyone involved in this outsidethebox adventure.  The pictures here and on the internet can only give you a small idea of what goes on at Meow Wolf, because everything depends on ...your own choices....what way will you turn?  What will you see?  What will you miss?!    It is REALLY difficult to describe, so I wont.   Just, anyone visiting the area, go to Meow Wolf and have fun :)  Yippeee!

Found this in an oddities site and that fits it well. From what we read this was a "whodunnit" experience, someone died and you try to figure it out. When we got there and asked the staff we were told, "yeah, that's part of it." When we tried to experience it based on this we weren't able to do it, or get any help on how this was supposed to work, neither from the staff nor from anyone there. Everyone agreed this is what was talked about on the web, and one of the rooms hints at it, but no one could explain how to get started or how to proceed. I would have thought at least the staff could help, but they were more interested in the "music night" that was going on. I would not suggest doing this until the staff is up on just what kind of experience this is supposed to be.

This place was by far the most unique and interesting places I have ever been to. It's like a fun-house meets a psychedelic Stephen King movie. So weird and wonderful. If you are in Santa Fe, you must go. Give yourself at LEAST 3 hours there. If visiting with kids, be sure to stay with them as one can EASILY get lost in all the parts, especially if its crowded. Tons of fun and make sure you explore all areas. One warning, this is not great for physically impaired or folks with heightened levels of claustrophobia, as lots of crawling and squeezing into/through small areas.

Meow Wolf is unlike any art exhibit I've ever seen.  You need to budget a lot of time to do justice to it.  When you enter, you're given a wrist band that allows you to leave and return on the same day so you can spend some time at MW then go out for a meal and return with enough energy to keep going.  We were there about 5 hours straight, which is almost enough.  However, we weren't able to spend the time necessary to find and figure out all the clues (you'll know what I mean when you go).  If we could have, I think we would have gone there early, taken a lunch break, and returned for an afternoon effort, but we had to leave for another engagement.  Still, we think we figured out almost everything.  As you can probably tell, MW is an interactive exhibit, and you should take the time to interact because it's lots of fun.  It's such a creative place!  As far as dining goes, there's a coffee bar with a few things to eat, but it's a bit pricey.  There's also a food truck outside (at least there was the day we went), and a gift shop inside.  This is an art exhibit that children will enjoy, but be prepared to wait your turn for some things because a lot of people are likely to be there.

It took a few efforts for me to get into the rhythm of what was unfolding. Give yourself at least two hours, more is better. I can't wait to return to see more. Talk to the docents. You'll  begin to figure it out. Then you'll be gleeful and awestruck. On our day, high season, the place was packed, so a careful perusal just wasn't in the cards. Try to find a quieter time or day, so you can savor your trip to Gonzoville. Enjoy.

We returned again because we were convinced by others that it had gotten better.  So we said...Why not?  Instead it was just more very odd, very strange “art”...more in the vein of psychedelic art or a bad drug trip.  Before you pay the admission, do look carefully at the website.  The preponderance of favorable reviews is because a good many people do not even go there because of their different tastes...and because of that do not write reviews at all.There are still visually disorienting , uneven and odd spaces that can make some people dizzy.  “Walking, climbing, and crawling through an imaginative multiverse of unexpected environments is not for everyone...but obviously fun for others.

Was not sure what to expect. Turns out their narrative crew controls everything. The fsmily you think you are looking for in the downstaiesnkircheb has been changed by the “narrative crew” tomthe upstairs where there are no hints or someone has stolen them. A farce if you ask me. If you like paper mache this is the place for you.

Meow Wolf is a destination in its own right.  So much to explore!  Get out of your comfort zone and delve into the psyche of a very talented artists collective.  Go early to avoid crowds but book early for a concert if one is available.  Absolutely fantastic experience.

Family of 4 (ages 17 & 20) enjoyed it, just not for $100. Leave your brain at the door and trip on acid. There is a mystery to solve, but you need to do some advanced research and spend more time there. We did not have the patience for that. It took us 90 minutes to see it all. Every turn there is something either interactive or bizarre to see. Fun to do at night if you want to kill 90 minutes. Very creative, great art and imagination. We went at 5:00pm on a Sunday and was very crowded. Kudos to the artists. The events look like fun.

This is basically a maze with the weirdness dialed up to 11. It's supposedly a house with tons of twisty-turny passages with weird things in them, and you basically have to explore to find and see all the rooms and everything this place has to offer.We were there for two hours and I'm pretty sure I missed a room or two.The art itself goes from the mildly weird, to a psychadelic forest weird. It was awesome.We really enjoyed it, my 4yo son also enjoyed it immensely.However (and be forewarned): During the holidays, expect at least an hour+ of waiting in line! Buy your tickets in advance! Come in the afternoon (after 4PM)!There was a metric ton of people in there (we were there on Black Friday) and it takes a little away from the experience just due to the sheer amount of people in there.It's definitely THE stop in Santa Fe, but make sure you're planning for it.The only down side is that parking there is horrible, there's not enough space for all the people there. The line when we arrived the first time when they opened was around the block.

We have wanted to visit Meow Wolf for sometime and decided to head out there for our anniversary. This is an amazing fantasy trip that you can spend most of the day wandering through and see something fantastic in every corner. We went in the morning for a couple of hours, left, had lunch, and returned for several more hours to find so many more rooms that we had missed the first go round. It’s worth spending the day there as your ticket is good for the entire day. My husband dubbed it Burning Man in a bowling alley! Don’t miss it if you are in Santa Fe. 

Stopped by this place on a short trip to Santa Fe recently and was surprised that such a place exist in a high end arty place like Santa Fe.  As you drive up you certainly are struck with visual splendor as the place evidently was some kind of warehouse in its previous life.  Once inside you still are not impressed as you are assaulted with neon comic book art.  Children will like this place but learn very little and maybe that is the point of the place...having a meaning is not necessarily a reason for existing.  Regardless, not my cup of tea and I departed after 15 minutes , forfeiting the $25 bucks I paid to get in.

Meow Wolf always delivers fun for the entire family.  Each time we visit we have a different “wow this is awesome” experience! 

I had a great time visiting Meow Wolf. It's hard to describe but it's a lot of fun.Well worth the visit when you are in Santa Fe.

My nephew insisted that we go to this (he is in his early 40's) but me being in my 60's did not get it. It was okay.

I sometimes find myself daydreaming about this place months after my visit.  It's an amazing, interactive adventure.  I went with 2 other adults, fearful that it might be more for the kids, and we all had a blast, and were sad we had to leave.  There are puzzles within puzzles within puzzles, and even hidden web clues that you can look into and research after you leave if you're lucky enough to find them during your visit.  If you are in Santa Fe, you must make time for this.  It should be the #1 attraction!!

Unique place!  While some people liked it, I did not.  The place gave me a headache.  Was busy so we struggled to move around.  Expensive!  Spent $100 for an hour of time.

If you like unusual and unique experiences this place is right for you. I think the price could be cheaper, but you can spend a few hours here going through each room. It's like the upside down world took an acid trip. 

A very eclectic adventure. Strange sights, sounds, and you can solve a mystery too if you are so inclined. Fun for adults and kids as well. $25 entry fee, but you get to walk through a refrigerator and a a clothes dryer, see futuristic rooms, psychedelic lights, climb a tree house, and much more.

We had to wait an hour in the rain to get in...but it was totally worth it! Had a great time with friends at Meow Wolf. (You might want to check wait times before going though). Having been to many museums and exhibits in the past, I didn't have much expectations for this. However, it exceeded any expectations I could have had. It was very different from anything I have seen before, totally immersive, and brought out my inner child!

As others have said, it is very difficult to describe this place.  Someone said it was like going down a rabbit hole and that is true.  So many different areas, so much interesting and unique visual stimulation.  I took my 11 year old grandson and he loved it.  We went on a Friday midday and there was a long line, but we had bought tickets in advance so only had to wait a few minutes.  There is a mystery to be solved but we decided not to do that - it was crowded and seemed like it would be very hard to navigate and find clues.  It was fun anyway.  Combination art installation, fun house, playground, and more.  I do recommend it, but get tickets in advance and try to go at less busy times.

$26 dollar entry plus optional pointless black light glass for $2 more.There is a nice coffee area / bar where I dumped the wife - good start.Then you go in to a pretty Kiche envinment of aliens, switches, skeletons, d8nosaurs, electric lights... there is a story theme but we skipped it. Instead we got a balloon or two and ponged each other and strangers.The atsmosphere was great and the fellow visitors fun and friendly.You need to go with a friend to comments, laugh and critique.Spent about 1.5 hours and thoroughly enjoyed it - not sure if I would go againVery mixed age group and seemingly happy for all.

Art actively experienced, it's crazy cool ! We arrived there on a Tuesday and realized that it was closed. We then changed our itinerary so that we could visit it for at least 2 hours on Wednesday - best decision we made, although you better plan for a longer stay as there's so much to explore !

This place is so amazing! Really creative space. It was a lot of fun for the family. It’s a great venue for shows and just overall awesome. I would say probably not the best for very young children or people with mobility issues, some of the exhibits are very narrow. Everyone in Santa Fe needs to go and check out Meow Wolf.

If you're looking for one of the best places to have a great time, this is one not to overlook!  It's a trippy fun house filled with beauty in every hidden room with each having their own experience.  It's like walking through a dream where ideas unfold, rooms unravel into hidden pathways to other worldly adventures.  There's nothing like this place out there!  You'll have fun reading and watching the mystery unfold with hidden clues.  

this was a neat place.  fun for all ages.  was lacking in personal experience because we could not use the app since I hate and do not own an iPhone.  the line was way down the block and the parking lot was completely full by the time we left at noon.

We had heard about this place and it seemed neat so we went.  Wow!  It was so much fun.  It was just the two of us this visit but we will be going back and taking the monsters (11 and 19) so they can have fun too.  We ducked behind bookcases, crawled thru fireplaces and various other hidey holes.  Looking in/under/around is highly recommended and encouraged because one can discover new things at every turn.  Our tickets taken and armbands placed by a very friendly and informative young lady. And before we started our exploration, we had a drink at the bar.  A bit pricey but the drinks were different and fun; my wife had the Meowgarita (sp?) which was topped with fine spun cotton candy.  Jeans, t-shirts and comfortable shoes would be my recommendation with regard to clothing depending on how adventurous you want to be.  Not kidding about crawling thru the fireplace.

Definitely a unique experience! Don’t let the idea that this is “art” scare you into thinking it’s a boring art museum not for children. Quite the opposite. Think of it as more of a huge psychedelic fun house with hidden passageways galore. My seven year old absolutely loved it (I did too)! A lot of the things are interactive as well. For adults, there’s the underlying story with clues throughout, but it’s not necessary to dig into the story to appreciate it. I’d recommend not to give up on it too quickly. We kept finding new secret rooms and the place is sneakily quite large. Take time to explore the nooks and crannies of rooms as well.Some of it may be too scary for kids 5 or under.One other recommendation is not to go when it’s too crowded as lesser crowds allows you to find the hidden passageways on your own.

I ran into a number of people who told me I needed to check out Meow Wolf. The first time I tried to go, the line to get in was like Disneyland. So don't go on a holiday! When I DID finally get in, I had fun for the first hour or so, exploring. It is a clever idea and has a lot of potential. However, I have to admit that for me the hype about Meow Wolf did not pan out in terms of the whole experience. And (being a person who likes value) I found it overpriced. Maybe I don't get out enough. I'm glad I went, but I wouldn't go again.

I’ve seen other reviews that say it’s hard to describe what Meow Wolf is like. And that’s 100% true. I have never experienced anything like it before, but it has become one of my top five places ever visited. And I’m already making plans to go back. Every room is so different and the art is just fantastic. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Santa Fe.

Someone put a lot of time and effort into creating this place! It is kinda like an interactive mystery. You really get to be a detective by looking thru drawers, books, etc to find clues and info to piece together the story. I think people who go in and just walk thru without getting involved are the ones who get bored. But once you start finding all the secrets, it is such an adventure! There is lots of interactive stuff for little kids, so no worries for those with little ones. Kids above 7-8 will be able to look for clues and figure out puzzles. And adults can really get into it. My advice is to start in the house and explore it before going thru the portals. Watch videos, read diaries, open drawers, look everywhere! We were there 2 hours, but I wish I could have stayed all day! Be prepared to spend several hours.There is an option to buy these 3D glasses. Don't waste the money. They don't stay on very well, and once you get into exploring, they just become a hinderance. I loved this place. It is great for all ages. I would definitely go back!

This was my second visit to Meow Wolf.  Every person in our group seemed to have a different experience. I make it a  point just to visit every room. One of our group found it overwhelming because they thought they should be trying to gather information. Another went back after lunch determined to solve the mystery. Some enjoyed the musical stuff a lot, others didn't. It's as unique as the people who visit. Figure spending a minimum of two hours to as many as four.

Was driving through Santa Fe, so my daughter (college-aged) and I decided to stay the night and check out Meow Wolf. I’m so happy we did! It’s really hard to explain but we spent a good couple of hours exploring this very unique exhibit. The laser harp was so cool! What a fun experience! This would be a great activity for family! Tip: buy tickets online and skip the line. I wish we would have done that! 

I love the concept, the creativity, the weirdness! I am disappointed to see it being franchised to other cities though because I think it will lose some of its charm once it goes commercial. Kind of like The Blue Man Group. Once you start to replicate that level of creativity on a grand scale it is no longer unique.  If you get a chance, go to the original in Santa Fe instead of or before you go to any of the other locations opening over the next couple of years in major US cities. 

Meow Wolf is wondrously weird. There is a storyline if you care to follow (we didn’t) but it is not necessary. It’s a bit hallucinatory at times but never weird just for the sake of being weird. The audio, visual, and tactile elements integrate into a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts. Some of the entryways from room to room as well as some of the staircases can be a bit physically challenging. Not to be rushed through, plan on spending a morning or the better part of afternoon experiencing Meow Wolf.

I have to say - there's a story that goes with this experience but I never figured out what it was - I didn't care - every room, every turn was something freaky and something I'd never seen before - what minds come up with this stuff? Definitely worth a stop in!

This experience is best approached with an open mind and heart, and a willingness to take risks and explore. Being open to what you might find is key, and allowing for the playful whimsey and detailed sensory experience to take over is a great way to approach this. I found myself thinking about this experience for days after my visit, remembering fascinating elements or moments during my visit. I am excited to return! 

there's a kind of narrative behind this rambling art installation inspired by "Game of Thrones" author George R. R. Martin, but the story line/sci fi mystery is a bit thin. Anyway, you don't need to follow it to enjoy the psychedelic twists and turns within and surrounding a two-story Craftsman-style house plunked down amid a Dayglo setting. Don't miss the upstairs, which includes the most artistically interesting rooms. Wear comfortable shoes.

Modern bold installation type art. Get the 3D glasses. Go with some friends and enjoy the challenge to your perspective of life. It’s not for everyone. It’s loud and brash. The young groups were loving it. 

It is hard to even describe this place, as it is unlike anything I have experienced. It is a very trippy alternate universe. You explore the various sights, psychedelic colors and sounds in an immersive, interconnected maze- like environment with secret doors and passageways. It can be a bit overwhelming at times, but there are little nooks with seating or calmer environments to sit and try to absorb or decompress. I give this a strong recommendation for a completely unique experience.

This museum is of the wild and bazaar imagination of various artists. It sometimes feels like the 60’s era. Some attractions require climbing and crawling so if you can’t do this don’t worry there are more to see. Go through the refrigerator door.

Wow, this place is awesome! Creative interactive art and fun! Hard to explain unless you have been! Walk-in refrig to another room, a dryer slide to another room! Walk thru fire place! So many cool things to explain but highly recommend this house of fun to anyone in the area visiting Santa Fe or even for locals! I loved it!!!

We had a great time. If you're in Santa Fe, Las Vegas, or Denver, put this on your list. This is a truly unique experience 

You're not likely to find s similar museum anywhere else. Open your mind and explore this unique art experience. 3 hours flew by and we can't stop talking about it. Just go.

What a wild and unexpected adventure. Wandering through a maze of a house. All kinds of sights, sounds, imaginative art. Very fun and different. Never seen anything quite like it. 

We had a great time. If you're in Santa Fe, Las Vegas, or Denver, put this on your list. This is a truly unique experience 

You're not likely to find s similar museum anywhere else. Open your mind and explore this unique art experience. 3 hours flew by and we can't stop talking about it. Just go.

What a wild and unexpected adventure. Wandering through a maze of a house. All kinds of sights, sounds, imaginative art. Very fun and different. Never seen anything quite like it. 

My adult daughter and I wandered around this art installation/fun house for about two hours. Super cool! I’ve never seen anything like it. Check every nook and cranny for hidden passageways and fun interactive activities. Super fun!  There’s also a mystery to solve if you’re into that. Highly recommend. 

It was a wonderful place to explore.  Children of all ages.  I originally visited with friends, and then brought my children back to share the fun.   I highly recommend spending time here.

Interactive art? That’s quite a stretch. There are lots of lights, bright colors and sounds. Visitors are encouraged to touch whatever interests them, and there are special glasses (at an extra cost) to take in all that is visual. Some of it is very cool, some silly, and some just meh. But is it art? The craftsmanship varies from poor to excellent. Getting around is easy if you’re under 20 and thin. I saw lots of folks having a difficult time of it, including large children and older adults. Some of the creations appear as potential lawsuits waiting to happen.There were definitely portions I really enjoyed. I am glad I went, but probably wouldn’t do it again. The price was pretty steep for what it was. We took our time and was able to see it all in about 90 minutes with a moderate to large amount of people in the attraction on a Saturday morning.

It's a warehouse full of imaginative rooms with junk-filled art installations. Perfect for families with kids, to let them romp around and play. The theme of finding clues in the mailbox and newspapers in the house is too involved, and there were too many people trying to read the printed materials all at once. Would make more sense to have the clues on the walls, larger for everyone to see. Or, just skip the clues and enjoy the various room, as most people did. 

We are from New Mexico and have heard many friends rave about this place so decided to go while in Santa Fe for the Indian Market. We went early on a Sunday morning and had no problem finding parking but still waited about 10 minutes for tickets. I wear a small backpack for my purse and was told it wasn't allowed so I had to check it at front desk. We did not try to solve the "mystery" but just walked around for almost 2 1/2 hours. There are a lot of hidden rooms, nooks and crannies to explore inside this dark attraction. The funnest part was walking through a refrigerator or crawling through a clothes dryer! We are in our 50's and were able to walk around comfortably but needed to duck our heads a few times due to low ceiling and tight spaces. I think it would be very difficult for someone on crutches, walker, or wheelchair to enjoy. Afterwards we had cappuccino at their little bar area; they also had food trucks outside. I thought it was interesting to visit it once, not sure if I need to see it again.

This is truly a unique place.  Our teenaages (15) liked it but they were on the border of "too old"...lots of places to get lost, but honestly everything looked/felt "tired"....$100 for a family of four.  

Visited in early August based on word of mouth. It is an intriguing and unique place. Fun and interactive are good adjectives. It will bring out the kid in you. Enjoyed it!!!

This is a multi-sensory experience. It is amazing and fun. May not be great for extremely small children or adults with limited mobility however. Plan to spend at least 2 hours. BUY TICKETS ONLINE IN ADVANCE! so you don't have to wait in line. You will be drained by the end and want water and a snack. And when you leave you won't be able to stop thinking about the times spent in this strange place.

This place is a trip.  Incredibly creative, a project of a group of local artists, built in an old bowling alley - part art exhibit, part funhouse, part mystery adventure about what happened to a family that lived in a Victorian mansion.  Rooms lead to many other rooms, often through secret passages in appliances, fireplaces, and other unexpected twist.  A lot of hands-on works, and plenty of "clues" if you want to spend the time looking through them.  A couple of our group stayed behind and spent 3 hours trying to unravel the story, and they said they could have spent even longer.  It can get crowded, so you have to be tolerant of that.  I highly recommend you buy your tickets online.  You get to jump the line, and move to a shorter priority queue.  They even told the people in the long line to use their phones to buy their tickets, so they could switch to the short pre-pay line and get in quicker.  You get a QR code sent to your email that they scan.

This is a walk-through type "haunted-house".  Kids might enjoy the rather eclectic stuff, everything from household goods a hundred years old, to space-age music and flowers. But I suspect one could enjoy a zoo, or an ice-cream, or pizza for just half the money.  Not recommended.

Us:  Young family with kids (12, 10, and 7 y.o.)Summary: This is a must do!  My kids spent almost 5 hours here and didn't run out of things to do, or places to explore.   Got glowing reviews from the kiddos - as a parent -- that's about the best that you can do.Not scary:  My seven year-old was freaking out at the start and was worried that it was a haunted house, but ended up becoming engrossed after 10 minutes or so.Tip:  Meow Wolf is open late on the weekends, but do be a bit careful.  They hosted a concert on the night that we were there and the atmosphere became much more adult-focused as the concert started up.

Very fun!!! Hubby was like a little kid again going through all the fun trap doors and rooms. Kids LOVED it!!!Definitely a must while visiting santa fe.

Very interesting and unique event which also has an Interesting “origin story” linked to the creator of game of thrones and his sponsorship of local artists. Our family actually did not include teams (our kids are now in their mid-twenties) but all of us were glad we checked this venue out. Two hours were ennough for us as we focused mainly on the art/installations and not so much on solving the “mystery” which we noticed was appealing to many other visitors; especially those with younger kids. We also spoke with a number of local Santa-Fran’s  who have annual passes since they find Meow Wolf stimulating enough to visit multiple times. This was not a cheap experience -  about $25/head+ since we didn’t qualify for the senior or student discounts - but we still enjoyed our time and it was also a great way to avoid the outside temps for a while.We did not buy our tickets in advance but no regrets since the physical ticket line at the venue moved quickly even though it was a busy day. Would suggest tennis shoes or strap on sandals - flip-flops could be tough given stairs and other climbing areas - just a thought.Staff was very invested in the experience and nice as well!

We had a great time here. It is so different than anything we have ever done. Kids would love it too. I probably won't do again, but would recommend trying at least once.

This is our second time visiting and believe me you will be woowww !! This place is amazing for everybody; I recommend it 100%.

I didn't care for this place at all.  I hear it is good for live music and they get good bands. I felt it was disjointed art instillations, tons of kids running around, loud, overly stimulating (in a bad way) and pretty dirty. I could definitely see kids thinking it was fun, and in drugged out state it could hit a cord.  Oh, well,  luckily, Santa Fe is full of spectacular art.

It is almost a walk in Alice in Wonderland experience. Keep looking and you will see more. Maybe I am a child at heart, or just young hearted, but I had a lot of fun and found it relaxing and charming. I laughe a lot while here.

We had a great time at Meow Wolf.  It is a great idea and some of the rooms and installations are really cool.  I think some people really overthink this and make it out to be some amazing art.  If I thought that, I would have been disappointed.  But if you view it as a wild fun house, I think that you will enjoy it.  

We stopped at Meow Wolf as part of a 10 day road trip through 3 southwestern states.  It was easily one of the highlights. We were traveling with 7 people, 2 of whom are artists, so this stop was "for them".  However, we all enjoyed this immersive art experience.  Every room brought something different, and each was surprising, odd, inventive and interesting.  We need one in Boston!

This was one of the most fun experiences we’ve in 15 yrs of traveling this wonderful country.   Be prepared to spend several hours exploring the fun, beautiful, odd, mind bending, entertaining, puzzling, adventurous, mysterious, enchanting world of this interactive adventure.   Appropriate for all ages .  We stayed 3 hours , then left and ate lunch and came back for another couple of hours to make sure we didn’t miss any of the magical , sometimes hidden rooms and fantastical creations all around you.  Can’t really describe ..you must go for yourself!!!!

Okay, it was worth a couple of hours to get out of the heat, and very creative, but honestly, being an art lover, I'm still lost as to what the point was. Once was enough. 

Meow Wolf is about creativity, whimsy and fun. If your idea of fun does not include  walking through an old refrigerator in a farmhouse kitchen and coming out in an alternate universe, or playing music on the ribs of a mastadon, you should probably opt for a movies instead

get there early.  parking lot filled up pretty quickly.  didn't figure out the puzzle.  there were some food trucks outdoors for eating in addition to the cafe inside.

Had to give this only two stars because I just don’t get it. I fuse being over 60 might have something to do with it. Younger generation might enjoy this and understand it

I'm not sure I would include this if it's your first trip to Santa Fe. We have been there many times and have seen many of the museums and galleries, etc. So this time we decided to try this place. Crazy, hard-to-describe, funny! I am 65 and I maneuvered myself into the dryer -- !! Step into the refrigerator! Absolutely make sure you look into the toilet!! We did not mind that there were lots of little kids running around -- it was fun to see their reactions to stuff, too. We're glad we went!

Lots of fun for two hours, but the story that accompanies the interactive exhibits is convoluted and hard to follow.

I had no idea what to expect.  We went to Meow Wolf on a Sunday w a group of 15 family members. There is so much to see and do. Don’t miss the clues hidden throughout. It starts w the mailbox at the entrance. There were many things we had to go back to and look and things we missed. This was a great activity for a group. Although we went our separate ways upon entering, we ran into each other during our time there. This is a definite must-do while in Santa Fe. 

Wild, psychedelic, creative, interactive eclectic art exhibit.  It’s really hard to describe.  It’s a must to experience from toddlers to the elderly.  It’s a hoot and will make your inner child come out to play!

Meow wolf is awesome, so creative! We spent a couple hours here and kept coming across areas we missed. Such a fun date day on our way through Santa Fe. Don’t miss out! Well worth it. 

My husband and I are in the 60+ age group. We were in Santa Fe on vacation. Reviews said it was a fun place for adults, so we went. What makes it more meaningful is to try to solve the clues to the mystery. But the noise level was so high in the area where you listen to the first video setting up the scenario, we couldn't hear much. Other clues were on written materials that took some time to read, plus other videos that were hard to follow. If you forget about the mystery and just wander around, you can appreciate the creativity of the imaginative spaces, the interactive displays, fun secret passage ways - and watching the children have a great time in the playful rooms. It's not Disney.

We’re still blown away by this place. Great way to spend a couple of hours break from all those art museums. Best thing we did was to buy our tickets online. The line to buy was super long even though it was a weekday. They let you use your tickets which ever day you want and you just waltz right in. Wish we would have left after 4 because they even have a bar here for the grown ups!  Fantastic place !

Meow WolfSanta FeMind-blowing interactive art house539797103The Meow Wolf Artist Collective has an installation that works on so many levels, and on every aged participant.The story, the puzzle, is a mindbender. The art is out of this world and the act of experiencing it is breathtaking and humbling. I would visit again and again if I lived in the area, I might anyway! Make sure to arrive early, your ticket is good all day, and don't cheap out, spend the dollar on the glasses! Cannot recommend this strongly enough, for all ages.

We were told by multiple people before our trip that if we did nothing else in Santa Fe we should go to Meow Wolf, and boy it did not disappoint! It’s a total sensory experience where you can touch and play with everything. It’s fun for adults and kids alike. Who wouldn’t want to climb up a super cool indoor magical tree house and then crawl through a refrigerator into another realm? On top of all that, if you give yourself the time, there is a super cool story you can follow with clues along the way. It’s amazing and I highly recommend it to anyone!

Aside from the 21 reviewers that are either too close minded, religious or old, I think every person can get a greater understanding of life and themselves inside this house of eternal return. Meow wolf reminds us of what it's like to be a kid again! You can touch, move and play with everything in the exhibit! It opens up your creative pathways in the mind and reminds you how to have fun! Fair warning, there are lots of triangles, which can be scary for people who spend time on conspiracy theories. 😂 However, if you're an open minded, free spirit, you will find peace among all the chaous that is meow wolf!

I didn't know what to think of this place and wasn't excited for an art gallery. We came with our kids and it was amazing! Totally blew my mind.. attention to detail at all levels of everything was amazing. You could go over and over and find new things each time.

Mixing a wild variety of art with a "room escape" kind of detective work, this place works on several levels.  If you just want to be amazed at the art design, it's well worth your money.  Add in the fictional backstory and it's even more fun.  We are a middle-aged couple and had a blast but the families were having just as much fun.

This has a lot of hype.  I liked it, very creative and surreal.  However it was extremely over crowded with long lines, we really couldn't enjoy the rooms and areas due to over crowding.  The City Museum in St. Louis is similar, bigger, and does a better job keeping numbers regulated.  Wish we could have enjoyed it more.

Now here is something new under the sun! How do you classify a place that is part haunted house, part art gallery, part fantasyland, part performance space? I don’t want to give it away so let’s just say start in the kitchen and check the fridge, then go from there! Don’t be in a hurry. There is a lot to experience here!This is an adventurous space that is very family friendly, and there are many narrow passages, uneven surfaces to walk across, crawl spaces, and tight stairways to navigate. This is NOT a place for the mobility-impaired. Bu for those who are physically able to enjoy exploring surreal, magical, luminous fantasy worlds and secret passages in seemingly mundane places this is a must-see place. There is a small cafe with exotic food (try the alligator!) and even cocktails. Highly recommended

We spend a few hours here one afternoon after reading some good reviews.The whole place is a barrage on the senses but in a good way, there is so much to see and do, you could spend days coming back to this place and find new things to look at I think.It is fairly expensive but I’m glad we made the effort to go. I have listed a few tips below:Parking, as many have mentioned this can be tricky but we had no issue on a street two minutes walk away.Pre Sale tickets, the line wasn’t too long when we arrived but I’d advise buying tickets in advance as the line was much bigger when we left.Bag check, we had a change bag for our daughter but we were able to check this for free.Well worth a visit, I would recommend to anyone. I can’t wait to go and see the one in Denver!

Giving two stars because of price. My two girls (age 12 and 10.5) LOVED it. Unless you are REALLY into spending 4+ hours reading every detail in every room trying to solve the mystery and get into the story line, or think you will “geek-out” on the originality of the displays and art, and uniqueness, you will not like dropping $100 for a family of four. Pass this up for the Interactive Children’s Museum in Albuquerque. Again, it was a very cool, neat, unique place but for a 50 year old Dad and 45 yr old mom, we would have loved to have saved the $50, sent the kids in for a couple hours and spent our $50 on a decent bottle of wine. 

Don't want to give too much away!  Totally intriguing - my (grown) daughter and I spent over 2 hours here!  It was a fun evening doing something way more entertaining than watching TV or looking at our phones!  Recommended if you like something different, artsy, and thought-provoking.

Can’t explain it, all I can say is GO! And try and follow the story. If u follow the story it’ll take you about 2-3 hours to get through. Buy your ticket online to avoid the long line, go straight to the presale line. 

We went in a family group that included three kids, two of which were under 1 year old; the other was 3. We didn't know if it would be appropriate or interesting for them, especially the 3-year-old, but he loved it, as did the rest of us! There's plenty to look at, but the interactive parts (particularly the "dinosaur" bones that you can play like an instrument) kept him and us busy and entertained for hours.

If you want to feel like you've put your finger into an electric socket, check out Meow Wolf. Bring your inner child to explore the boundaries of conventional space and contents.

I am not sure how I feel about Meow Wolf.  It definitely was a different experience and was very attuned to playing to your senses.  There is a story-line but because of the lay-out and the number of people who were inside, we got the story-line in bits and pieces and how we found the information.  The visual effects are quite stunning though.  After an hour and 45 minutes, we gave up fighting the crowd and left.

We didn't know what to expect but i am so glad we got to experience it. Theres a mystery to it but honestly you have to have all the time in the world and patience to try and figure it out. It is such a great experience, its so difficult to explain but its almost like an outer world experience. You do have to bend over a few times, there are many lights and there are foggy parts so that can deter some people from doing this. However, if you can do all of those things and have to time to go, DO IT. It's the type of experience you continue to think about even after you've left.

We weren't sure what we were in for when we visited this unusual place. Still aren't. Glad we went though. Stayed open. Even danced in one of its rooms. I guess this is the present ultimate in modern art.

This was a crazy place and I have rarely seen anything like it.  It slightly reminded me of the City Museum in St. Louis except it was more geared for Adults.  Glad I went but would not visit it again.

Meow Wolf is brilliant. It’s fun, amazing and unique. I’ve never experienced anything like it.My advice is to go during the week and get there early. People line up before opening time and the line just gets longer. You really want to get in and wander around without the crowds.You can come in and out if you like. We did as we were exhausted and needed a break. There are coffee and food trucks outside as well as a restaurant inside.Staff are cool and if you have kids with you they will have an absolute blast.It’s interactive, engaging, brilliantly designed and just a load of fun.Not to be missed.

We are a group of older folks- we didn't know what to expect- but - WOW- all of us could not stop wandering around in the House of Eternal Returns.  So much to see- so many twists and turns and sights and sounds.  Just go and see for yourself !!

Even after looking at everything I could find on the internet, I don’t think I knew what to expect! To say this museum is different is putting it mildly!!! I felt $25 was a little pricey, but I am glad I went and got to experience it. It’s a trip down Alice’s rabbit hole, an LSD trip without taking the drug. There is a back story to the premise, but even if you don’t try to sleuth the story, it’s still an amazing visual experience. Inside they sell food (I didn’t eat there, but it was a nice memo- not just hamburgers and hot dogs) they also had a full bar👏🏻👍I think the best I could describe it is to say I’m glad I experienced the meow museum, but 😊 would not do it again.... once was enough for me!

This place defies explanation but it is incredible. The best metaphor I can think of is that it is like a haunted house except with art instead of scares. It's so cool. I kind of strong-armed my friends into going, and once we went in, they were super into it. We all loved it. We were there when it wasn't crowded and that definitely enhanced the experience. We spent about two hours there just exploring every corner and that was about the maximum amount of time before we went into sensory overload. I really don't know what to say except you have to go.

I can't begin to explain how amazing this is. Definitely a one of a kind experience.  I would definitely recommend. 

Meow Wolf is a wild concept, somewhat akin to a live "Myst" experience. We spent @ an hour wandering around but did not make any headway. The building is highly creative and unlike any other I've ever experienced.

At first I didn't know what to expect. As my husband and I made our way around, we were still not sure where to look first. There was so many places to explore and tiny details to inspect. I think the best way to describe it is to call it an amusement park without rides. Make sure you give yourself plenty of time to explore the whole world. I also reccomend buying tickets online to avoid the large lines.

If you've never been to any immersive art, cinema or theatre productions before (e.g. a Punchdrunk play) then you may very well be impressed by Meow Wolf. If you have done those things then you’ll realise this isn’t quite up to the same standard. Firstly the narrative part is overplayed both on here and in the introduction you get from the ticket agent. There really isn't much apart from saying something inter-dimensional has happened so anything goes in any room you visit.Secondly after the house that you start in there's very little to actually interact with - you simply walk from wacky room to wacky room.  Thirdly the place is so busy with large family groups that it means the "eerie" element is completely lost and you sometimes have to queue to go into a room - the place rapidly loses the "exploring" vibe. Perhaps anonymising the experience and splitting groups up like Punchdrunk would help but then again this is a family event not just for adults. Overall I left quite underwhelmed and am not sure how people without children could spend hours and hours here. 

The length of your visit would be determined on what your goal is from here. My friend and I were just trying to find all the rooms, and took about 1.5 hours. At the start of this I was a bit jumpy since Im more use to haunted houses in this sort of setup, and scared myself just from walking in a room and someone else being there. So it may make you a bit anxious, but after awhile my nerves settled. This place is so beautiful with so much detail.  If you are doing the storyline trying to figure out what happened I can imagine it takes longer. I do wonder how many times the video cameras find people walking into walls and trying to open things that dont, because I was definitely one of those people. Went on a Thursday night, and the place wasnt  crowded. Only a few times I had to wait for some other people to leave a room, to get an empty picture. Such a unique fun experience, I would recommend anyone to try who is in the area.

Excellent time at Meow Wolf.  Have been there 3 times now and always take friends and family there when we go back.  We call it an experiential Art experience and museum.

Ok, I want to start off by saying that I have a bit of an anxiety issue. Too much at once can exacerbate that. This place is probably amazing for all ages with no anxiety concerns. There were lots and lots and lots and lots of people. We went on a Thursday around 3pm. You can’t look at one thing for more than a few seconds without being shoved or pushed past. I don’t remember much of it. I spent about an hour total in the building and that was just moving with the crowd to get out. I wanted to love this place. I really did. I’m sure it’s incredibly amazing for most people. But if you have issues with sensory perception, personal space, anxiety or mobility...you really won’t get your money’s worth here. They do have some absolutely gorgeous sculptures outside though and some unique treat trucks so checking those out are fun. 

This constantly evolving art exhibit is built around a mystery, that may or may not have an actual conclusion, about a family, their strange uncle, a missing young man, and altered realities. Meow Wolf starts in a farm house, but there are hidden portals and clues everywhere, which take you into a magical mysterious world of colors, sound, video games, and constantly changing artwork. This place is GREAT for all ages.

unsure what to expect but this was the highlight of santa fe for me! lots of fun wandering through all the rooms and taking in all the details. everything is inventive and creative. if the lines are crazy, plan to go a little later in the evening, i went at 6pm and there was no line. if you go earlier, you can take more time to just chill/relax in some of the different rooms, if not an hour to an hour and a half is sufficient to at least see and interact with most of the different spaces.

I wasn't sure about attending this attraction. My concern was unfounded. Meow Wolf is an interactive fun house created by artists. One can choose any path desired through a maze of rooms and side halls. Each turn provides a new and interesting visual effect. Takes about an hour and a half to navigate. Well worth it.

This place is bizarre!  I'm still not sure what we saw, but it was fun.  I can see it appealing to lots of ages.  Meow Wolf opened at 9am for a couple of weeks during spring break, and a woman at the hotel recommended that we go early because it got very busy.  We got there a few minutes before 9.  I didn't buy our tickets online before because I had a discount code from the hotel we stayed at.  I think we were in line about 15 minutes before we went in.  Also, when we were leaving, there were people circling the parking lot looking for parking, so by getting there first thing in the morning, we were able to choose our parking spot.I wouldn't worry about the "scavenger hunt" part unless you are really into that.  We had a hard time following it.  Just enjoy the craziness of the whole thing.  I liked all the hidden areas.  My best advice, try every door!  you never know where it will take you.

Alice-in-Wonderland through-the-rabbit-hole experience that you won't believe until you experience it! Fun for people of all ages as long as you enjoy a funhouse atmosphere. Only downside is that it's $25 to get in but for some reason they think they should be able to charge $1 extra for the 3D glasses that cost them probably a nickel -- really ridiculous and you don't really need them to totally enjoy the experience.

Friendly staff, you get a bracelet so you can re-enter the whole day 'through.When you enter the actual museum, you' re absorbed into a completely different world! It reminded me a bit of the serie 'Stranger Things', how there's a completely different world in the fridge, the dryer and everywhere. 'Artifacts' of how the family that used to live in the house had their child missing.The BEST museum I have EVER been to, I felt like a child again, my heart filled with utter happiness! A complete different world where everything is possible. What a great museum, I really recommend it to EVERYONE, all ages! Worth the $25,- entrance fee! Nice shop and café within the museum as well.

What a fun and quirky place! Kids and adults would love this place. It is a psychedelic dreamscape of colors and art. It really exposes kids and adults to avant-garde art. My only problem was the price. It was about $70 for 2 adults and 1 child. It would be great if more ppl could be exposed to this type of art without it costing a lot to take a family.

It was like walking into a childhood dream, where you can climb through the refrigerator into another dimension.  Highly recommended for families (go early in the day).  I can imagine that it turns a little wild in the evenings.  One of the strangest experiences ever.  It was also super hot, and I was dizzy for hours after leaving.  I wished that more of the items were interactive and that the overall space had been larger.  They are building a larger version in Denver.  

It was very interesting and intriguing. I loved how everything was interactive in some way. There was something around every corner. my only wish was that there was an age minimum. A parent myself, I know how exciting it is to take our kid to somewhere new and exciting, but taking them to this place where you're trying to solve a mystery and you have to read and listen to various videos, is actually peeving. When my fiance and I went alone, it felt more like a daycare or like a YMCA. Kids screaming and running around and then the parents yelling across the room to their kid. It takes away the entire experience of going to the "other world".  Other than that, the rooms were so well put together and the hard work that was put into every detail was noticed by us.

This is a mystery house with over 60 rooms to view. It is a authentic enhanced house of a true odd family. It is loaded with awesome art and décor and hidden passageways. For those of you that want to solve the mystery there are clues for you to find though out the house and codes you can figure out. You can spend hours there and it is definitely a family friendly experience! Not recommended for wheel chair or non mobile people. You have to physically be able to climb and crawl through passageways! If you don't solve the mystery you will really miss out but you will still have fun if you just want to go to observe all the artifacts!

This was really fun! There are a lot of different rooms with wacky, crazy, & unique decorations. Secret rooms and hides-holes. We spent a couple of hours here and there is no set path to walk through which made it really fun. Definitely a good stop for kids and parents. 

So either I’m too dumb, too smart, not imaginative, too old, not old enough but damn, this place is OVER-RATED.  Pricey too.  I’ll give it props for being wackyI don’t know, I just didn’t get it.  

This is one of the best art installations I have EVER been to! Great for all ages and repeated visits! If you’re in Santa Fe this is a must see! 

Meow Wolf is an experience like none other. Imagine opening a refrigerator door and entering into a long hallway or sliding down through a dryer door. Everywhere you look there's the unusual and there's a strange story behind it all to provoke your imagination. It's an absolute, "must see" when you come to Santa Fe

Visited with family. Had lots of fun. Didn’t do the narrative but regretted this afterwards. Spent about 2 hours here. 3D glasses do not add to the experience, you don’t really need them but they were only $1 so didn’t mind.

Honestly this place redeemed Santa Fe for me. It is genius. Great work. Fantastic collaboration of artists. This is exactly what my city needs. I liked how you could just mill around. No right way. No wrong way. No linear narrative. YES More is More. A tribute to Maximalism. So much inspiration at every turn. After about an hour I was worried I might have missed something so I spent another hour and felt like I gave it all a good spin.  I think I caught it all. Lots of places to sit and rest. Take your time. It is worth the rather steep price of admission. Gift shop was a little weak with all the talent they could have done better there.

You do get a full 2 hour experience. The lights are cute. The fun fur has seen better days. However it is probably worth the money we paid because it was interesting. Not great but a decent cool factor. I feel that whenever a place depends on black light - the payoff is a one trick pony. The gift shop needs an a re think because there were not a lot of options for t shirts, etc.   

For disclosure I am 64 yrs old and when we visited there was a lot of marijuana being smoked in this place, if that is what you are looking for, enjoy. I thought the admission was a little pricey. An eclectic place with lots of unique sites generally following a mystery, I found it could have been more organized for trying to get the explanations, you sort of wonder around and find out more of the story. I liked it because it was so original but in the summer months can't imagine how you can go through the place when it is more crowded.

My husband and I went to this museum not knowing what to expect...and we were greatly surprised how wonderfully fascinating this museum is. This is a must for anyone coming to Santa Fe as you will never experience anything like it!

Meow Wolf is an experience unlike most things that you've done.  It's art, fantasy, interactive, as well as mysterious.  One of the intentions behind creating Meow Wolf is to help foster art & creativity in young people.  (Awesome idea). Kids tend to really like the endless stimulation (lights flashing, hidden rooms, bright colors, and so on). Some adults might experience a bit of sensory overload.   But if you're visiting Santa Fe and want to do something fun and unique a visit to Meow Wolf might be just what you're looking for.

A museum?  A workshop?  A fun-house?  Whatever it is, its pretty entertaining.  Apparently very successful, as they are branching out to other cities in the southwest.  But Santa Fe is the original, so start here.  Its not in the historic downtown, but rather down in a more commercial area of town.  Not really walkable from the Plaza area, so take your car or Uber/Lyft.  

We had done our research (or so we thought) and were super excited to visit Meow Wolf. We love the first couple hours... I don't want to give too much away, but here's what I feel like I can say without ruining the experience. This is so much more than any description I've seen. It's like an escape room in that there's a big back story and a mystery to solve - if you're really into this kind of thing, do you research because there's just not enough time to take in all the backstory info once you get there. It's well put together for the most part, but the farther out into the building you wander, the less connected the experience seemed (to us). For a while it felt cohesive and made sense, but eventually we got overwhelmed with all the "new" and the outskirts started to seem like just an excuse to make us look at more installation art rather than being part of the bigger whole. Be prepared to be overwhelmed. If "new" and "different" are hard for you, don't plan on spending all day. I wouldn't recommend taking a large group as people's interest may vary and keeping a group together in this space may be hard. All that said, it was pretty cool. Interesting, weird, and a little crazy. We're still talking about it... BUT I'm not sure we need to go back. OH! And the food trucks in the parking lot had pretty darn good food!

I found this place while looking for things to do in and around Albuquerque for a long weekend. I was excited to go here because it looked so interesting. It did NOT disappoint. One of the absolute coolest things I think I've ever done. The whole place intertwines and it's one giant maze. Very psychedelic experience. There is more to it than you think, too. There is a story line that I wish I'd had more time to explore. Would definitely go back!

We heard that this place is very strange and beautiful and they were right!  Over 70 different rooms, each designed by different artists, so you never know what you will encounter as you move through a door, a refrigerator, a fireplace, a dryer, etc.  You did have to be a little flexible to make it through some passageways, but what a wild trip!  We spent almost 2 hours trying to find all the rooms and we probably didn't succeed, but what fun!

Of course you should visit this indescribable place. Do it now so that you can say you saw it before it was "cool," now that two more are planned for Las Vegas and Denver. It's a little expensive, but provides for many immersive experiences and you can stay as long as you want. You will not see it all.

Our children and grandchildren loved it. We had enough after 20 minutes. It is disorienting and very very loud.

This is an incredible experience for Sci-Fi fans.  Some of the areas can be a bit small and close, so be aware.  May be too much stimulation for younger kids.

First visit after hearing about it for quite some time.  It was worth it.  So fun and interesting.  Must touch everything.  We intend to return to explore the under story further.

This place was like Disneyland on acid.  The attention to detail was amazing.  It would be a blast for kids, but as two 40-somethings and a 65 year old, we had a blast exploring!  We paid around $20 per person and didn't get the glasses.  We didn't feel like we missed out because the space is so crazy as it is...If you have kids, dress them in something unique so you can keep track of them!  They could easily get lost, which might be fretful for a parent of littles. Even if you're not completely into the story of it all, it's still totally fun.  I wouldn't suggest it for epileptics or anyone who has trouble getting around.  There's a lot of stairs, narrow passageways and uneven footings.  ( you could skip some of the upstairs though). There are a lot of black lights and many musical spaces to play.  Being artists and musicians, we found the space very inspiring!Also, THEY HAVE A FULL BAR and snacks, as well as food trucks in the parking lot! (free parking)

Several friends recommended we visit here with our 9 & 12 year old girls. They were right... it's a HUGE immersive art installation and there are so many rooms and stories to see. We had a great time... though we waited for almost an hour to get in (busy because it was over Christmas break) it was totally worth it. We spent a few hours there because there was much to see and do, everything is hands on which is great too!

Life long New Mexican. I have taken countless relatives and friends to Santa Fe for many many great restaurants, shops, churches, museums and all around interesting people and culture. Meow Wolf is pure FUN! It’s whimsy and pure clean awesomeness. Unique and wonderful. Felt like a kid. No details here because the fun is discovery! Go, do, smile.

Not even sure how to describe the place.  It reminds me of an escape room because you are put into an unfamiliar place and there are many clues and a back story that you can explore.  It is much different though, because you can simply ignore all of the back story and explore an extensive world that has been created.  While visiting, you will see some people scouring for clues, reading newspapers left in key places, checking computers in the bedroom, asking questions, etc.  You will also see many people simply exploring 'in awe' the refrigerator that leads to another dimension or another hidden passage that leads to somewhere else.  It is something that people of any age should see at least one time in their life.

I would fly to Santa Fe exclusively for the purpose of going to Meow Wolf - immersive art experience doesn't cover the wonder, delight, and intense level of engagement with this site. 

I recommend this to anyone in the area. Well worth the drive from Albuquerque. I recommend the glasses, they are only a dollar and they are worth it. There is tons to see we spent 3 hours inside and I am not sure we saw everything. So many different rooms, tunnels, and stairs. No backpacks or strollers allowed and beware there are several areas with strobe lights in use.

We went New Years Day when visiting Santa Fe because not much else was open. While the museum was busy it was not too crowded to enjoy. Parking lot pretty full but we snagged a spot. Food trucks outside on a sunny fairly warm winter day. We were disappointed in the gift shop - kind of lame for such a cool venue. I wanted to buy a tshirt but didn't like the selection. As for the museum (if you can call it a museum) is so fun. Everything from musical dinosaur bones to a "solve the mystery" house that involves climbing through fireplaces and reading clues. Everyone was polite - visitors and staff. Very clean. We saw staff cleaning exhibits as we went along. You could spend hours here. Every time we thought we had seen it all we would discover another activity to explore. This is such a unique place. We saw all ages having a great time - groups of teens (polite!), young children, grandparents, young adult couples.

This is one of the weirdest and most amazing tourist attractions in the USA. I've traveled the world, and I've never climbed into a cloths dryer and slid into a different dimension. This place is a combination of a si-fi TV set and a modern art gallery. There were kids and there were old women meditating. WARNING: This place is not suitable for the disabled. Attractions require climbing, crawling, and navigating narrow and confined spaces. It's also not a place to set a young child free to roam.If you're in Santa Fe you MUST visit Meow Wolf. 

I've been wanting to visit Meow Wolf for almost a year now and was so excited to finally get to.  (Similar to how excited I was the first time I got to visit a Ikea store.)  What a wonderful afternoon!  A few things to mention:  there is   a story line but it is not necessary to try to figure that part out to enjoy the museum.  Have fun and relax.  It's cool how there are areas to sit and rest/watch in many many areas - this is similar to more traditional art museums where there are seats allowing visitors to really observe.  I'm pretty sure this museum is not just about looking and interacting with the art, but seeing others do the same as many sitting areas have windows to other areas of the exhibit.  It was fun to see adults be childlike as well as children be adult like taking so much so seriously!  It was an interesting swap of rolls that one observes in the exhibit!

Enjoyed the time. The kids loved it and were running everywhere. It was packed so get there early.  Good overall. 

This is one of the weirdest and most amazing tourist attractions in the USA. I've traveled the world, and I've never climbed into a cloths dryer and slid into a different dimension. This place is a combination of a si-fi TV set and a modern art gallery. There were kids and there were old women meditating. WARNING: This place is not suitable for the disabled. Attractions require climbing, crawling, and navigating narrow and confined spaces. It's also not a place to set a young child free to roam.If you're in Santa Fe you MUST visit Meow Wolf. 

I've been wanting to visit Meow Wolf for almost a year now and was so excited to finally get to.  (Similar to how excited I was the first time I got to visit a Ikea store.)  What a wonderful afternoon!  A few things to mention:  there is   a story line but it is not necessary to try to figure that part out to enjoy the museum.  Have fun and relax.  It's cool how there are areas to sit and rest/watch in many many areas - this is similar to more traditional art museums where there are seats allowing visitors to really observe.  I'm pretty sure this museum is not just about looking and interacting with the art, but seeing others do the same as many sitting areas have windows to other areas of the exhibit.  It was fun to see adults be childlike as well as children be adult like taking so much so seriously!  It was an interesting swap of rolls that one observes in the exhibit!

Enjoyed the time. The kids loved it and were running everywhere. It was packed so get there early.  Good overall. 

This was one of our highlights on our trip to Santa Fe.  We spent close to 4 hours here and if we weren't on overload could have stayed longer.  This former bowling alley hosts an artist collective and within Meow Wolf there are about 75 rooms (each with a unique theme, but everything ties together).  Wear pants and sneakers as this is interactive and you will find yourself crawling, sliding and climbing in and through walls and other objects. The only caution is that you might have sensory overload, but nothing is scary and it is a great place to bring your kids!  Multi generational groups will have a great time. I'd recommend getting your tickets in advance.

This place will blow your freaking mind.  It is a crime to leave Santa Fe without visiting.  Kids and adults alike will love it.  What is it?  You have to go and find out....Art installation, museum, space odyssey, haunted house, dinosaur boneyard.... it is everything and nothing.

MW is for every age grop, little kids to those over 100!Enjoy Santa Fe's version of Alice going down the rabbit hole.Fun and exciting, artists at gheir best helping you to experience way byond.

Meow wolf is very unique, fun, and exciting! The house of eternal return was very authentic! Be prepared to run after your kid, because they will never want to leave! 

Loved the hidden passageways and the look on people's faces when we came out of one of them. Three middle-aged women sat on a mid-Century couch reading a piece of the "non-linear storytelling" in the creepy Victorian home when my husband and I popped out of the (spoiler alert) fireplace. "Looks like we haven't even got our feet wet yet," said one. Was fun exploring the portals to otherworldly experiences... lights, sound, movement. I think this would be even more fun with a group.

This is a super fun activity for young and old alike. We just wondered around and didn’t try to figure out “the message”. For those trying to do so, it doubles the time spent in the exhibition. We just enjoyed the art. 

I heard about Meow Wolf from a friend who have visited before my trip to Santa Fe but there are far more details to include about this event space that one who have to visit much more then just once. It is an amazing attraction and full of fun odds and ends everywhere. The main setting is a house with turns in every direction, that includes its own story which my family found fasinating. It is a definate must see!

70 rooms of odd and wild things to look at.  Try to stay together as hard yo find each if you get separated.  So much to see

I had no idea what to expect when we got to Meow Wolf and I am still not sure what happened after we left, but it was an experience I am glad I had. In these days of getting lost in technology it was a treat to get lost in a story where you can touch things, interact with art, and create a narrative. Good fun! Wish we lived closer so we could go more often.

When you purchase your tickets, the first thing the sales person tells you is that the exhibit can be taken literal or with ease. There is NO right or wrong way to see this art because it is your interpretation. My poor love was stuck on the story and the point of it. We read all the stuff there was to read and followed the web links. In the end, he was still confused and wondered what the point of the story was and researched even further when we got back to the hotel. He is so cute.Overall the experience itself is rather trippy and psychedelic once you get down to the basement. the colors are fantastical and I really wish we had taken acid or something to get the full effect. Lol.Twists and turns and hidden doors and compartments and just complete artful chaos. I enjoyed that much of it, while he was stuck on the story.So I guess it's up to the individual and how they want to take the trip.

This looks like a fun place.  Outside they have food trucks -picnic tables and parking is easy. We should have checked dates more carefully because we came on a Tuesday but only heard great things about it so on our way back down we are planning to go back. 

Visited here with my daughter after hearing a lot about the exhibit. Some individual installations were very interesting but piecing together a narrative for this work is challenging. It clearly has a cult following--but that doesn't necessarily make it fine art. If you want a kitschy 21st century kind of experience, you might love it...or maybe not. Some portions of the exhibit require climbing tight stairs and access through small circular openings. Just an FYI. Admission is pricey. $20 adults/$17 NM residents.

Someone put a lot of time and effort into this, but not a lot of planning. Young kids will love the sensory overload, but there's not much of an experience for adults unless they're stoned. It's just a mishmash of quasi art and over-the-top decorated rooms. 

If you're in Santa Fe, make sure you check our Meow Wolf.   One of the most unique and creative places I've ever been.  Amazing for kids as well. Highly recommend.

Nothing compares to Meow Wolf, it's a little hard to describe. It occupies a former bowling alley south of downtown, and is an interactive art experience. You enter what appear to be an old house, and after that prepare to grin and laugh and have your mind blown. 70 rooms each done up by a different artist, secret passages, bright colors, an upended school bus!, a (faux) mammoth skeleton you can play like a xylophone!. You will think you've gone down the rabbit hole with Alice. Highly recommended for all ages. There is a city bus that passes about a block away.

 A collaboration of artists and authors, including George R.R. Martin, revamped an abandoned bowling alley, forming their own art museum/ jungle gym/ interactive nonlinear time travel story in 2016. The story revolves around the Seig Family who lost one of their sons after he experimented with his grandfather’s time machine, which led to further complications in their timelines and led to the expansion of different universes. Those who elaborated on the storyline not only left articles and journals “left behind” by the characters in the house, but they installed discrete screens and headphones throughout the museum for guests to piece together the story. However, guests don’t necessarily have to follow the storyline but instead admire the versatile art pieces displayed in the entirety of the building. The designs of these little pocket universes depicting the imagination’s of all the family members and their scattered realities. Some of the ground is grass and another portion is entirely crafted out of worn out sofa cushions and stuffed animals outside the house. A guest can go from passing through the TV tunnel to finding themselves in front of a laser organ. Being able to enter the whimsical environment connected to the seemingly regular house through different areas no one would expect- fridges, fireplaces, portals, closets and even through a washing machine, can be enough to stress the thought and dedication these creators applied to this project. Meow Wolf also mainly consists of lots of fun nooks and crannies yet the museum still manages to mesh together effectively and not look cluttered. Visitors who are good with detail and are willing to experiment, can find a miniaturized man floating in a toilet or realize that If they hug the colorful, icicle-like pillars or slap the mushrooms on the trees, can cause them to project harmonized sounds or possibly how the tree’s leaves resemble microscoping and intricate origami figures. Most can guarantee any regular Meow Wolf goer can discover more that they haven’t known about before, especially since they have volunteers play various instruments and pretend to be characters from the story, scattered all over the place. Often times, Meow Wolf is used as a venue for concerts while people are still able to browse around instead of not allowing those in who aren’t just there for the concerts. Despite the fact that including negatives in this review seems merely impossible, I feel that it’s necessary to mention potential aspects some people might dislike about Meow Wolf. Something to keep in mind is that this place is crowded pretty much all of the ten hours it’s actually open and even though Meow Wolf is catered for all ages, there is a considerably large amount of boisterous kids roaming around. So, if you would find that atmosphere irritating and would rather be in a more sophisticated art museum, then this place is not suited for you. I could also understand where people might become overwhelmed by trying to understand the story and decide to give up, letting that ruin their experience(this happened to my dad). For me, Meow Wolf surpasses all the attractions at amusement parks and museums I’ve ever been to hands down. My attempts at explaining the remarkable museum is far from being close to the exceptional nature most guests endure when experiencing Meow Wolf. 

A new thing around every corner it was the coolest experience I have had in a while. The only thing I did not like was that children were allowed.  I also didnt like that there was so many people there because it took a while for people to read the letters and the news papers so it took away from the experience. Maybe having more papers or more letters would help alleviate that.

This is a great place to take a young family, 10 to 16. Lots of fun.  As seniors we may be a bit over the target age for this venue but seen through the eyes of a child this would be very exciting.

Grandparents and teenage grandchild had a great time here.  We spend about 1 1/2 hrs here only b/c we needed to get to out destination.  I could easily see staying 2 hours.  There is a story to be read as you make your way through the building.  

My daughter is turning 13 and we always take her to a new place for her birthday. This year we made the drive (8 hours) down to Sante Fe for Meow Wolf. Not a complete waste of time, I highly recommend going if you’re even remotely around. My daughter LOVED it, so mission accomplished. I hope they add on as it is only about a 2 hour adventure. Parking is rough, but I’m not sure they expected to get so popular. All in all, a great experience. If this is something you HAVE to see, couple it with other Sante Fe or Albuquerque activities. 

A very unusual art experience that will bring out the child in your soul. Even my 78 year old mother in law had a ball. Worth every penny of the 20$ ticket price. Go play!

Meow Wolf is a must see for anyone with an adventurous and creative side.  Buy your tickets ahead of time to avoid the line, and don't forget to open every door, peak around every corner, leave no stone unturned! We didn't realize until about a third of the way through that just because something is closed doesn't mean you shouldn't open it! Have fun!

Such an interesting experience! This place is reminiscent of the "fun house" visits from the state fairs of my youth....only with a twist or two.

Perhaps the most unusual art experience in the western US.  Really neat.  When we left Santa Fe, our family talked about what we each liked the most.  Everybody said Meow Wolf was on the top of their list.

it is difficult to describe this full-on sensory experience, whether you choose to pursue the mystery and its clues, or just enjoy it on its own terms, give yourself into the wonder of meow wolf. it was a high point of our trip to santa fe. kudos to the contributing artists- geniuses all.

This place came highly recommended by friends who had visited, but we weren't about exactly what to expect. It's the kind of place that has to be experienced to fully understand it -- kind of an interactive adventure game (should you choose to unravel the mystery), but also just an amazing display of creativity in construction. We had a great time exploring all the nooks, crannies, wormholes, secret passages, an unexpected twists (be sure to open the refrigerator). It got pretty crowded, so recommend arriving early.

Meow Wolf’s House of Eternal Return is an explorable, immersive art experience that is a collaboration of over 100 local artists.  We had such a great time experiencing this one-of-a-kind multimedia exhibit located in a 20,000 square foot space!.  The initial premise is presented as an exploration of a mysterious, ill-fated home.  We spent about 3 hours going in and out of different rooms and there was something new to check out around every corner.  You can explore bedrooms, books and notes, read family letters, watch television scenes and try to figure out what's happened to the family that inhabited this house.  Plus, there are otherworldly dimensions and portals to discover as you walk through a refrigerator, climb down a washing machine, move through a fireplace, make music by tickling a dinosaur's ribs, encounter colorful laser light waves, and many other things which stimulate the senses and excite the mind.  It’s very hard to accurately describe the experience, but it’s a great attraction to visit!

It's hard to describe this funky, creative house but it's a lot of fun. 3 adults (40's and late 70"s) spent 2 hours wandering through this fun building  and enjoyed every minute of it!

This is an interesting place for art immersion--creative etc.  But I think really for younger people.  My grandchildren would love it and perhaps even their parents.  Not particularly suited for more elderly unless you like overstimulation, loud music and able to crawl into interesting spaces.  Iv'e seen it and now do not have to go again.  

At first it seemed interesting.  A lot like logging on to Second Life, but without the ability to fly.  Lots of fluorescent doodads, flashing lights, loud electronic sounds, etc.  Definitely NOT for anyone with sensory over-stimulation issues.  After a while it became (for me) just another noisy overcrowded place.  I felt it was overpriced and over hyped.

Meow Wolf was an awesome place.  There can be a lot of work done to make it even better though.  If you don't come to this attraction during your stay in Santa Fe, you are wrong.  When they close at 10 you are rushed out fast so I would get there no later than 7 p.m. on Friday or Sat.  Partake before you go.

You will leave wondering what you missed even after hours of exploring this modern art installation! My sister lives in Albuquerque and she insisted we make the trip up to Santa Fe to visit Meow Wolf. We had a nice stroll around the square in Santa Fe, lunch, then went to Meow Wolf for the rest of the afternoon. There are food trucks outside Meow Wolf and a small snack bar with food and beer inside. Allow enough time to enjoy exploring all the twists and turns inside the galleries and stopping to listen to and watch the different videos and other "clues" that give you more insight into the back story of the experience. They offer 3D type classes at the desk (you pay a little extra) and said they make the colors more vibrant. I'm not sure it was worth hanging onto the glasses for the few times they did make a different on the look of the exhibits. I probably wore the glasses 10% of the time I was inside and carried them around the other 90%.

This was a really fun place to visit. My husband and I went on a Thursday morning and it was fairly busy. Our experience was still really great though. 

I'm so glad we tried Meow Wolf!  Was a bit concerned that this would be geared towards a much younger audience (we're in our 60's) and/or too physically ambitious for us -- so glad to say that we enjoyed everything immensely and we are already planning a return trip!  Although we knew about the "mystery" and the clues planted throughout the house, we really didn't approach it in any systematic way -- really just enjoyed the experience and had fun with it all.  My personal favorite moment was when I asked a young man if he could let me past him to open the refrigerator, which he was leaning against -- the look on his face when I opened the door was priceless!  If you've been there, you know why -- and if you haven't been there, what are you waiting for??  Just go. Oh, and definitely buy your tickets online in advance -- saves a LONG wait in line and you can go right in. Recommend arriving early, before opening time, if you want to park in the (small) Meow Wolf parking lot -- otherwise there is plenty of free street side parking in the area (you might have to walk a bit). 

If we lived in Santa Fe we would buy passes and go all the time. This place is so strange and wonderful and I know you would see something new every time you went.  I use a wheelchair and part of it wasn't accessible but much of it was and they discounted my ticket.  Buy the glasses! They only cost a dollar and it's worth it.  My husband and I are in our 60s and my son in his late 20s and we all really enjoyed this. We drove to Santa Fe from Albuquerque just to go to meow Wolf and it was worth it.

What an experience...it is actually really hard to put it into words because the whole thing is such a multi-sensory immersion that verbalizing it would not begin to do it justice!I had spent two hrs here, but probably could have spent an entire day! The sculptures in the parking lot were just a bit to whet your palate for what was in store. The $20 and $1 for the glasses (which you must get because it definitely heightens the vision experience of the whole thing!) were well worth the price of admission as the minute you walk in you just know something incredible is about to happen!So, aside from it being an interactive immersive art experience, there is a kind of an underlying "mystery" that you are trying to solve kind of like puzzle room-ish throughout, but honestly, I was so overwhelmed that I was just like "OMG...what next!?". I felt like a kid discovering their weirdest lucid dreams in a weird and colortastic wonderscape! There were times where i found a secret little nook that i had all to myself and just vegged for a hot sec before wandering onto the next whimsical, jaw-dropping thing. Do yourself a favor and just come here. Santa Fe is an amazing place, but Meow Wolf is a destination in and of itself!

I had no idea what to expect with this place; my friends told me we were going to a bar, and it was definitely not that. What a really cool art installation, and kind of a live mystery to be solved. Lots of cool thought went into this place, and it is definitely worth the time.

I think it's just not my cup of tea...I'd rather be outdoors than exploring other people's imaginations inside a "house"....it's weird and creative and fun for most people though, especially the younger set. I think it's very overpriced, too.

This is a very creative and unusual attraction but suits the artistic feel of Santa Fe.  The surprising features are the ability to get lost in all the fun and feel like an adventurous kid again.  Walk through the refrigerator in the kitchen, climb into the clothes dryer, crawl through the fireplace, walk into every closet in the bedrooms and you will be transported to another fantasy room.  Climb the tree house, look through a glass less window and see a street in China.  Every room (70 rooms we were told) has a theme decorated by the artist and is absolutely brilliant.  Kids would love this!  Some of the ladders, stairs are a challenge to navigate as an adult, but if you keep exploring you will discover a more conventional way to get to the next room.My only disappointment was the price.  It's $20 per person and an additional cost for the 3D glasses, which we didn't feel were really necessary in most of the rooms. Share a pair if you feel you want them.  I would have enjoyed knowing a little bit about the architect/artists for each of the rooms to gain a perspective into their contribution.

Little nooks and crannies of crafts and strange productions, but not really art. It is popular, but we both had enough after 30 minutes.

I've never been anywhere like Meow Wolf. Definitely worth going. I went with 3 girlfriends who are all 50+ and it was a blast. 

We were recommended by many Santa Fe locals to check out this unique art installation. With no preconceptions, we entered the House of Eternal Return and enjoyed every minute of it. Good for groups of friends and even a family outing; there is a great crafts and colouring space for kids to enjoy.  This journey of self-discovery allows the visitor to create their own narrative as they explore the various spaces and places throughout the exhibit. Fun, occasionally surprising and a feast for the eyes, this great space will delight and amuse if you like art, enjoy the surreal and delight in the absurd.

100s of artists collaborated on this weird installation, based loosely on the premise that a house and its family members were caught in some kind of space-time disturbance, . The whole "house" is full of whimsical, interactive visions, and it was a lot of fun to explore. The only downside was how crowded it was when I went there on a Sunday morning. If you're less of a crowd person, it might be a little quieter on a week day.

Step into a different world! This is an immersive experience that is fun for all ages. Just when you think you have seen it all you find something new or something you missed the first time through.

While in Santa Fe for two weeks, we heard about Meow Wolf almost every other day. We had no expectations and we were not even sure what it was. In any case, we decided to go for it and we are SO glad we did! The experience completely recharged us, excited us and inspired us. There were creative surprises around every corner and to us, the chaos was stimulating. The pure fact that we could interact and play with a lot of the installments made it a truly unique experience! Don't expect to stand back and stare at artwork at Meow Wolf. There is a flow of traffic and the steadier the pace you keep, the more wild of a trip it becomes. We encourage kids of all ages to explore and discover all the wonder Meow Wolf provides!

If you have absolutely done everything else there is to do in Santa Fe and are desperately bored AND have $20 burning a hole in your pocket, then this is your ticket.  I love art. I love creative people and I love people who take a risk.  This, I personally don't get. The reviews hype it up and set great expectations, but it was very disappointing.  The exhibit, if that is the correct terminology, lacked a theme, ingenuity and had no flow. It was reminiscent of a fun house at a theme park with cheap, tacky props. I can see where young children to young adults may enjoy it with their friends. There are clever sites where kids can crawl through a dryer and enter a tunnel to another room or walk through a refrigerator to enter another area. A room that is all black and white and feels like something from Alice in Wonderland. But those were few and far between. It had an opportunity to be something more and missed the mark. It is chaotic, exhausting, boring and disappointing.  I apologize if this seems harsh, but for such an enchanted city full of beautiful art and history, why this, here? Do yourself a favor and spend your $20 on something more deserving.

Just be open, and go slowly.  Don't try to "see everything", you'll miss things.  There's more than you can take in on one visit ... so what!  I was awestruck at the creativity and the diversity.  Some things you really need 5-10 minutes to get what the creator had in mind.  Others may just rush through.  Don't.  Some pieces are musical, these are to be savored, and may not be for those with short attention spans.We did not play the game and attempt to solve the mystery, too distracting for us.  Also, it was pretty crowded when we were there, but everyone was polite; still, better to go early or on an off day, if they have one.

We've been to Meow Wolf twice. Once to check it out and once to see a concert (after they added and changed a bunch of things). Both times were a great experience. Like no other! A completely original experience!!

My husband and I decided to spend a few hours here during a recent Santa Fe get away.  We went on a Friday morning around  11am. Our wait in line was approximately 20 minutes, many people were smarter and bought their tickets online and bypassed the wait.We entered with a plan to "solve the mystery " but after the third or fourth room we found ourselves no longer focusing on solving anything and just flowed through and enjoyed the trip!!!  Walking through a refrigerator to another dimension, driving a bus through space, lights and music...it was crazy fun stumbling into an old camper in the desert and then walking out of it in a black and white cartoon kitchen with a Dr Suess flair.So many things to see, touch and explore, don't take it too serious or try to over think this place.  It's a cool way to stretch your mind and explore, I've always wanted to climb up a fire place/chimney in the living room and come out in an ice cave and now I can say I did! I also liked finding ourselves in a little China town street with awesome music and art exhibits.  This place can be crowded in some rooms so don't hesitate to branch off and double back to see things as you wish. Get the glasses and enjoy yourself!!!

This is a museum not to be missed.  The amount of detail and design in this museum is amazing.  Perfect for families or adults, you open up doors and wonder who thought of this!  There is a room to play music with lights on your hand - you just have to find it.  Going through the refrigerator is fun.  What a difference when you are encouraged to touch everything versus most places that say do not touch.  Have fun and leave a few hours, especially if the entertainment is on stage.

We arrived at 800pm so only had 2 hours to explore. Another hour so as not to feel rushed would have been better. If you are trying to solve the puzzle (and there were some taking notes trying to figure things out) you could spend longer. Would love to play hide and go seek there. Make sure take hidden passages from frig and fireplace and closet in upstairs bedroom. Place is incredible and just wish they had one in our home town.Some of the rooms reminded us of the work of Gaudi in Barcelona. We liked the fact we were encouraged to touch things and open drawers etc

Meow Wolf is a hard to describe place of fantasy and fun unlike anything I have experienced before.  It a place where grownups can experience and kids alike can have a great time with secret compartments, off-kilter rooms, amazing displays of whimsey and just thoroughly immerse oneself in not trying to make sense of anything for a few hours.I opted to NOT try to solve the mystery and just enjoyed exploring each nook and cranny.  Were I to return I might consider working on the mystery but for the first time through I am glad I choose to do it the way we did giving ourselves over totally to the immersion and leaving the intellectual part checked at the door.

This place is hard to put into words. The best I can say is, interactive modern art gallery. Spent over 2 hours here and enjoyed every minute. You have to come here with the mindset to fully immerse yourself and not just walk around. A piece of advice - come right when they open as it gets really crowded as the day goes on and it can be hard to move around and interact with the items in the house once it does. My only criticism is that there was often only one of an item, like a newspaper or a binder, that you needed to look at to play the game and people often hogged that item. They need multiple copies so everyone can enjoy. 

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return is kind of a large fantasy funhouse with some great visuals and special effects, with a science-fiction/mystery storyline woven through it. In furtherance of the latter, there are many very detailed clues spread all over - letters in the mailbox, diaries, brochures, and a newspaper on tables, books on the bookshelf, tv videos, voices that talk if you stay in a room long enough, and so forth. You can either just explore it for fun (an hour or two) or you can get into the story, which means spending a lot more time. Young children have an absolute ball here, but it's for all ages.

Went here thinking it was an experience for kids, found out it's really for kids of all ages.  Put of the town center, so easy access and parking.  Get there early, it was very busy an hour after opening, gets crowded inside.  

Meow Wolf was an extraordinary artistic experience. It plays on the senses and the craftsmanship is truly amazing. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a special, unusual museum tour.

I have never ever had so much fun looking at and experiencing art. I felt so inspired and full of ideas leaving this place five hours after entering. The story is intriguing, the artwork outstanding and so wonderfully weird. We walked around in awe, excited to figure out more of the story. People of all ages will love this place! I am so glad we went, this was such an unique experience. 

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return is a kind of other-worldly combination of a Halloween haunted house, a mystery house, and a fun house...created by artists and especially good for adolescents and children.  We would give it 4 stars for children (with supervision), 2 stars for an adult.  One of the problems when we went (early afternoon on a weekday) was that the parking lot was overflowing, with people waiting for spots to open or parking in the neighborhood.  And it was teeming with people inside.  We did find one room where we were alone with loud music and arty starkly-colored statues of dogs.

Our first visit and it was like walking into the Twilight Zone. Several different rooms and structures to visit if you so desire. I personally did not get the concept but judging from the large crowds obviously other people do. I did enjoy the live band that played in the evening.

We really wish we had our grandson son with us.  He would have loved this place.  For two old farts, not so much.  I do like the picture my husband took of me walking out of a refrigerator, and the entire experience was certainly different, but it was much more different than we were expecting.  Kinda like being on a "trip" back in the 60's, wandering around in a topsy tervy world.

We loved this place. It's hard to describe it. Very trippy. Best way to decribe it is like a visit to a house that has a hundred nooks and crannies. So many different rooms with so may different feels. Absolutely every inch of the place has been carefully considered. Like nothing I've ever seen before. Highly recommended. 

We absolutely LOVED this place.  We were not sure what to expect but it was very visually stimulating, and kept us wanting more.  Each door led to another dimension of fun.  Interactive, bright, colorful and imaginative.  If you are closed minded and uptight stay way but if you love adventure check this out.  Well work the money.

I don't know what to call this place. It's like Alice in Wonderland, Beetlejuice, Willy Wonka, and the Twilight Zone had a weird love child. The only way to get this place is to go. And you should. Be sure to walk into the fridge, climb through the dryer, and try to solve the mystery surrounding the missing family. You could spend days here and have not scratched the surface of the things to do and see. Buy tickets in advance in order to bypass the line, and go in the afternoon. Everyone thinks they'll beat the crowds if they go in the morning, so everyone does. Crowds! We went back in the afternoon and it was better. Also, get the glasses. They add another dimension that you can't get without them. Go to this place. It's...um...unique. And really fun!

the place was deffinitely a circus of homey exhibits for kids or teens.  Many adults were actively engaged in the various "things" but we didn't see it as a place to return to or a place to recommend for adults - in fact we would recommend adults not go.

It you want to feel disconnected from reality, this is the place for you. It is almost like being high, but not being high. It takes you out of your element drops you somewhere else and you just have to admire it for what it is.

Went to this with my adult daughter.  A number of the exhibits were closed. I don't feel the admission price charged matches what is offered.  In addition to the admission charge you have to pay an extra $1 for 3D glasses.  There are only a few exhibits that use 3D.

We went to this attraction with our kids and grand kids.  They had read about it in advance and had friends that really liked it.   We put this on the top of the "to do" list for this trip to Santa Fe.  We are glad we went, but I can assure you we will not make a return visit.  It is clearly a "seen it once and seen it all" attraction that does not merit a return trip.  This is NOT a trip to a great roller coaster park!What is it, you ask?  Well, it is a art installation that is a visual and engineering marvel that will amaze you and the kids.  It is impossible to describe the installation in ways that will make sense to most readers.  The pictures of it attempt to capture the experience, but they fail because of the two dimensional limitation.  Your are in the middle of the installation, and your are in total control of what you see and do.  You can walk through the installation on your own with no rhyme or reason, or you can look at it as a visual adventure where you try to figure out "how in the world did they do that?"  Whatever you do, don not get caught up in the incredibly stupid story line they want you to follow--that is, to solve a very poorly structure "mystery."  The amount of thinking that went into the story line was about 1/10,000,000 th of the thought and engineering that went into putting the installation together.  Figuring out how they did what they did is far more fun than the story!   That being said, this is not a cheap Halloween Fright House that is typically a cheaply made fire trap.  This is a sturdy structural engineering marvel that has good fire escape plans in place.  Bottom line question, will the kids like it?  YES!  Our grand kids loved the visual experience and the fun house nature of the passageways and surprises of coming out in rooms far different than the ones from which you exit.  They WOULD go back again to play in the installation.  When we talked about the different "rooms" after our visit, we were amazed at how much they remembered and saw.  They got very bored with the "mystery" and moved on from it!  Downside notes:  1.  Get to the site early in the morning or be ready to wait a long time.  The staff controls the number of people going through the exhibit/installation because it can get crowded.  There WILL be a line the entire day!  2.  If you have problems with crowds, dark spaces, narrow passageways, tons of screaming kids, or loud noises; this is NOT the place for you!  3.  You should have figured it out by now, the "mystery" is a waste of time that you can be enjoying the "acid trip" of some of the artists that designed the rooms--do not waste your time on child like preaching of "social issues/environmental concerns" that are not well thought out at all!   4.  Parking can be a serious challenge if you arrive late.  5.  The food and beverages available in the lobby are limited and marginal, at best.  This is a shame for a city that has such incredible places to eat....This is a "once in a lifetime" experience that you can really enjoy.  We have never experienced anything like it on such a large scale.  The walk through installations at museums pale in comparison as to what has been done here.  The price is very reasonable for what you get.  "Then, why did you give it a 3?" you ask.   This is not a great museum piece--it is artfully done in many of the rooms, but some rooms are rather childish--a bit "thrown together."    The "mystery" is a huge negative--that interrupts your enjoying the visual displays and engineering miracles.  The noise level gets a bit much after about 2 hours.  We think that the measure of a 4/5 rated attraction is that you will readily return again and again--think Cedar Park (Sandusky, Ohio), The Metropolitan Museum of Art, or a major sporting event....  This does not compare to any of these! 

We old folks had a great time at Meow Wolf.  Wish the bar had been open.  We found secret passages. Dino bones.  Lights and music.  Hidden treasure!

I want to live here!!! Amazing, I felt like all my childhood fantasies had come to life, even the ones that were a little weird and creepy, and I could walk around inside them. Amazing, I was transported from place to new magical place. At 25 years old I still loved exploring all the hidden doors and walkways. Even my boyfriend liked it, although once we had seen pretty much all of it he was ready to go, while I was happy to keep exploring and finding out more. *hint* A lot of the little documents around the place help make sense of the whole story, but even without this is a very enjoyable exhibition. Interact with everything!!! 

There is no way to describe this museum. It is a very unique, interactive museum for adults as well as children. Plan to spend several hours.

I was VERY skeptical when my daughter told us on a visit to Santa Fe that we were going to a "fun" attraction.  My unease only grew when we pulled up.  I thought twenty bucks was pretty expensive for cartoon stuff.  Then we entered another fantastic universe when we walked through the door.  Imagination went wild when they worked on this space.  Great for young to old.  Do not take children who will run from you, probably two or three.  My grandson is four and a half and we lost him for a bit.  But the employees and "embedded" characters were on the spot about finding him.  Worth every penny

Well, it is different. Took my 11 year-old grandson here after hearing and reading the praises. While he said he liked it, I think he had a better time at the Santa Fe Rodeo. We spent about 1 1/2 hours in Meow Molf. There were some clever interactive art activities and it did provide an air-conditioned respite during an unusually hot day in Santa Fe. It was definitely crowded and the age group that seemed to enjoy it most was probably the 16-25 contingent. I thought the admission prices were a bit high - particularly for younger children. A lot of steps and uneven surfaces; so seniors beware.  

This place is incredible. It's really hard to describe. Part art exhibit, part fun house, part acid trip. I've never seen anything like it, and it's amazing. It's the one thing I tell people they MUST do if they go to Santa Fe.

I had never heard of this before arriving into Santa Fe but I'm sure as heck glad I finally did! I don't know where to begin other then it's interactive and otherworldly inside. Kind of a multi-dimensional journey where one follows hundreds of clues throughout the complex to solve the disappearance of a family. It reminded me slit of the old computer game from the 90's called the Myst. My only regret is visiting it during a peak tourist month and not the off season and the place was crammed in most of the rooms. It was hard to absorb a lot of clues. It would be incredible if it were open for after hours booking with a smaller party to really take it all in. Either way this was my favorite stop on our vacation sand that says a lot since I really lived Tent Rocks and other sites!! Keep up the great work and build one down here in my parts of Texas!! I'm already telling everyone I know about this jewel!

It is hard to describe Meow Wolf because there is nothing else like it.  It contains elements of an art exhibit (hands-on), a fun house, a mystery, and a children's museum.  It is very sensory stimulating and you never know what will be around the next corner.  You walk into a "house" that appears normal, until you might crawl into the fireplace and end up in an ice cave with a mammoth skeleton ... or walk into the refrigerator.Kids will love walking, climbing, or crawling from one area to the next.  Adults can appreciate the art or try to solve the mystery.  We went with our six year old in the morning and spent a couple hours there, and then he still wanted to return in the evening.Get there at opening as a line forms early and it is busier later in the day.

I don't know how to describe this place. Alice's Wonderland. Just take my word, Go. You can't help but enjoy yourself. Get lost in there. 

My husband and I had a blast there today. It's a fun experience and I wish we could go back again soon. Unfortunately we live 8 hours away so I don't know when we can come back. We were there about 4 hours and I honestly could have stayed  a couple more. I wouldn't take small children although there were plenty of families there. I, personally, was very happy not to have my toddler with me so I could become absorbed in the narrative. 

Meows is worth seeing  it is a adult Disneyland fun get the 3D glasses, if your an artist or love art this is the place for you they sell adult beverages now And snacks, outside there are awesome food trucks worth checking out!

Fantastic immersive experience.  Well worth it.   Must be able to walk,climb a bit, crawl to really enjoy it.  my 78 year old mom did fine.  Won't spoil it by saying more because you have to experience it.

I have no idea how to explain Meow Wolf: a permanent art installation that you walk through and experience in hands-on ways seems really dry. You just have to visit and experience it. We spent almost two hours there and it wasn't nearly enough, especially if you want to try and unravel the story. It's so overwhelming we spent most of our time just wandering through the rooms, opening doors, climbing up and down stairs, etc., taking it all in and appreciating the work and vision that went into creating such a unique space. 

It was a different thing to do in the state.  Very crowded.  Story was hard to follow with so many people there.  But the kids enjoyed the different holes and paths you could take.

A unique art and multimedia experience, organized as a maze with unexpected encounters with visual and auditory art and phenomena.  There's also some very interesting art and music along the journey.Hint: Goearly.  The place becomes crowded by noon.

Its very hard to keep teens engaged these days My daughter did not look at her phone one tine while visiting she only looked to take pictures she LOVED IT!! and wanted to go back in a second time while we were there very different but interesting

Really unique and interesting place. Not just for children. Anyone with an interest in art, design, and unique interactivity would find it a good visit. Definitely more than I expected. To avoid crowds, try early in the day.

Don't read about it, don't try to figure it out, don't overthink it. Just go.  Everyone from my 11 year old daughter to my 70+ mom loved it.

We spent a day with our relatives who live in Santa Fe at Meow Wolf.  We made no attempt to solve the mystery, as they advised us there was too much to explore. But there were many teens working on the clues.   We are all in our 50's, but I would recommend it for any age as long as they are mobile and not affected by sensory overload.  The school groups were having a blast, as were the young toddlers with their parents close by, as were we.  We did not feel out of place walking or crawling through the various openings into the amazing assortment of otherworldly environments.  It was interesting to see how the wonderful local artists created this amazing space.

In many ways the venue exceeded our expectations, the textures, colours, and sounds were all amazing. Was slightly disappointed with the mystery aspect, wish that we had not tried to focus on the storyline, but simply enjoyed the experience.

“The House of Eternal Return” is Meow Wolf's first permanent installation.  A former bowling alley, the venue is an interactive, multimedia art experience concocked by over 100 mostly local artists.  It almost defies description.  If you think Disney's Haunted House meets Burning Man, you begin to envision the experience.   Great for kids and grown up kids alike.  This is a hands on, "open that door and go through it" experience.  If you ever dreamed of finding a secret portal to another world, this is your place.

So much creativity on display in this interactive, immersive collective art experience.  Can't explain further because everyone should come to this with no expectations.  It's like an arty funhouse.  People of all ages were there.  Not sure it would work for kids under 8 though.

You become part of an artistic process as you fiddle with gadgets and gawk inside the dozens of rooms simulating a 1950's era household(s) with outdated technology from the Sputnik era of satellites.  The artistry began when the creators designed the project, found a location, got funding, and put this together, and encouraged you to think about your relationship to technology.  Fascinating!

If you are a fan of the supernatural, or of mysteries in general, you will be fascinated by this exhibit.  However, if you just want to experience the sounds, sights, and colors, you will not be disappointed.  This reminds me of computer mystery games in which there are hidden clues to find, and a story that enfolds, along with secret portals to other worlds that you can explore.  When we first went in, I was concerned that the young kids there would be frightened by the story and the images.  I was wrong, as I saw dozens of delighted children imploring their parents to come look at this and that.  You can try and solve the mystery (and even explore it in more detail later on a website) or just just go with the flow.  To truly "get" what is happening, you need to spend time in the main house, reading diaries, newspapers, viewing videos, etc.  Your pass is good all day, so you can visit in the morning, go have lunch and talk about it, then go back if you like.  Definitely worth visiting.

This place is Cool! Did I say that right....COOL!  It is hard to describe because you just have to be there.  I visited with family and we all had a great time. My 9 year old niece and sister-in-law went back per the request of my niece because she really wanted to try and figure it out. Plan to spend a few hours at minimum there but I believe you are allowed to come and go all day if you buy the pass. 

If you find yourself in the Santa Fe area then you must stop by and see Meow wolf.It is a unique place and hard to describe to people. Photos do it no justice. You must experience first hand. From their website, they state " Our work is a combination of jungle gym, haunted house, children’s museum, and immersive art exhibit." Which is a decent description but still you have no idea what it is until you experience it yourself. It is a mystery, fantasy, adventure, exploration, where art comes to life and most of all it is fun for all ages! Children and teens will love it! But it is not just for kids, adults will also be well entertained for at least an hour or two. Which is about how long it takes to fully explore all the different rooms and passages. There is also live music and concerts in the front before entering the experience. You begin by entering what seems like a typical family home but there is something mysterious going on. An interdimensional portal where things are not as they seem. Time is warped and so are your surroundings. You can explore everything from closets, go through dresser drawers, crawl through the fireplace, read journals, and mail, look inside the medicine cabinet, or walk through the fridge into another dimension. There are fully furnished rooms with beds with sheets and blankets and it looks like the family that lived there simply vanished. Walk through an amazing array of interactive rooms of art. Take your time and go through everything and really discover what this place has to offer. Kids, moms, dads, grandpa, and grandma, cousins, friends, co-workers, heck even go alone whatever works for you, just go!

This is a rather weird place.  We had fun though.  I think children may enjoy it though I would be afraid to let them run loose because it may take a while to find them. 

This is a rich, artistic discovery that leads the viewers into all kinds of alternate worlds. There are over 70 rooms with over 500 artists participating. The journey is made by walking around a large house that has unusual pathways into other realities. Crawl through a fire place to an ice palace, open the door and walk into the refrigerator which will take you to Bermuda, and on and on. It feels a little like a haunted house but with a huge artistic component. All ages will enjoy this experience.

Hugely hyped "museum" which I imagine is great fun for kids but was certainly not worth the $18/adult entrance fee.  Looked like something your neighbor put together after a head trip

Atlas Obscura was right--this is a fabulous place to visit in Santa Fe. Think immersive art experience mingled with the surreal "Stranger Things" TV show.  My 15 year old joked as we left that she wanted to run away to work/live there!

This place has been open a while, and I finally had an opportunity to see what it's all about, and I must say, it's probably one of the strangest experiences I've had......very reminiscent of the old time fun houses!  It's hard to explain to others, but suffice it to say you've got to see it to believe it, and it's become the hottest spot to visit in Santa Fe.  I appreciated the work, creativity and funky ideas that went into the building of Meow Wolf and my friends and I certainly has a lot of laughs as we meandered through all the rooms.  Personally, I think it's designed for younger people, and I can see and appreciate how kids and teens would love it all......I would probably only go back if I had one of the above with me!  We were there for 1 and 1/2 hours but I see you can easily spend even more time exploring all the different areas.  Admission is a bit pricey; however, the entertainment value is probably worth it.  There's a small gift shop and cafe on the premises.  All in all, I'm glad I had a chance to see it for myself.

This is a MUST SEE.  It is one of a kind and well worth the time and money.  Here are a couple of ideas on tickets.  Buy on line and pick up your tickets at Will Call. This will allow you to bypass the long ticket lines (and they are long).  We had lunch at Tortilla Flats (near Meow Wolf) and noticed that they sell tickets at a 20% discount.  This would also allow you to skip the long lines.  I hope you enjoy this experience as much as we did.

Meow Wolf was far beyond anything I had ever imagined. This is art taken to a whole new level. You literally become part of the story. There is such deep symbolism in everything, and there was so little time to experience the full depth of what this represents. My three teenagers loved this place, and later I learned from my daughter that there were a lot of representations from Stranger Things that she was fascinated with. You shouldn't miss this Magical experience in Santa Fe, NM. Excellent job to all of the artists, and crew members that worked endlessly I'm sure to bring the Magic back to life in our hearts :)  I would have given my overall rating a 5, if it had not been for the young lady working front counter when we got our tickets. They had a very heavy recognition plaque on the front counter when we were getting our tickets and it tipped over and landed on my husbands foot. I knew it was really heavy because I lifted the plaque off his foot, and I could tell it really hurt my poor husband. The young lady working that evening thought it was funny and didn't even bother to apologize or ask if he was okay. That upset me, considering that we were buying tickets for 5 people. She had no common courtesy, which is a shame for such a nice place. Meow Wolf, I suggest you bring the Magic in your employees hospitality, as you have done with the arts. Other than that I hope your visitors enjoy their experience.

This is a great place to take young kids 4-8. They loved exploring the many strange spaces and playing with the stuff there. Only thing I would do differently is keep them away from the video games room, some games in there are not particularly appropriate for kids (shooting guns, driving over pedestrians, etc.).

It ended up being neat, but for $20/person, I felt it highly overpriced. This is definitely a great sight though for creative minds....

As other reviewers have pointed out, this place is totally unique and a lot of fun.  Plan to spend a lot of time exploring, and wear comfortable clothes and shoes.I would imagine that weekends are crowded.  We went during the week and it was also crowded with school groups.  I wasn't expecting that. I'm not sure what the "educational" purpose would be, but I'm sure those middle school students had fun.  I know we did too.

This is a great place if you have several hours to spend.  You're essentially on an investigation.....it's just a huge puzzle to solve.  I don't think it'd be as fun with little kids...they should be old enough to stay engaged if you're planning on trying to solve the puzzle.  However, if you're just going in to look and observe then the little ones will love it.  So many cool things!

Wow!! I was not sure what to expect.  It was some kind of a cross between a fun house, virtual reality and museum.  Kind of sensory overload.  Amazing display with lots of colors in some parts and total absence in others.  Lot of textures and interactive areas.  Would definitely visit if I visit Santa Fe again.

What a great way to spend an afternoon in Santa Fe. I went alone on a recent solo trip to Santa Fe and found it to be well worth the time and money. After being there for what seemed to be a long time, I still found myself running in to new locations. I can't wait to visit again with my family.

I and my brother enjoyed it immensely, both of us are art majors but you don't have to love art to enjoy this place. Almost two hours passed going around and interacting with everything. We made it a game to find every nook and cranny of the place. Some stuff were purely artsy, others fun/funny, some noisy, others surreal, you get a whole mix. Live music (DJ) was there that night, added to the experience. Only downside was the crowdiness and obnoxious people running around or being inappropriate, but that isn't Meow Wolf's fault, and its unavoidable. I'd suggest going at a less popular time if you are worried about that sort of thing. Also the older adults in our group didn't enjoy it as much as my bro and I did. So maybe take that into account too.

Meow Wolf is interesting, creative, stimulating, exciting  and just a lot of fun. The computer generated graphics and displays are outstanding, and feel free to open any door, crawl through any opening and just explore. It is worth visiting for all ages and welcomes everyone. It is not a place you rush through, and they are now offering music and entertainment at night. I had the pleasure of going through it during construction, and I have enjoyed returning several times. It takes several hours to go through, and there is a moderate cost.

What an amazing use of creative talent and energy!  Some will say this is a children's museum, but I assure you, it is just as much fun for the adults.  Go with an open mind and allow yourself to get lost in the creativity.  Tickets are roughly $20 per person.  The optional 3D glasses are $1.  I thought they helped enhance my experience in certain rooms.  Allow yourself at least 2 hours to explore.  Just when you think you've seen everything, you'll discover a refrigerator door that doubles as a portal to another area.  Have fun! 

Hard to explain this awesomeness!! Like a crazy haunted house with over 50 rooms to wander thru. We all loved it. We went at night time which made the experience super cool. Don't miss this "museum". 

I understand why everyone thinks this is amazing, because it is.  Just the energy, effort and ability to accomplish what they did should be applauded.  The art work for the most part is damn good.  Some works if seen in a museum you would say it belongs there.  Some of the work I question if it belongs any ware.  But, that's what art is about.  Make your own judgement at the "art" level.  I know some loved the mystery of the maze but I didn't even attempt to understand that.  It would take many more than one visit to experience everything.  Yes, it is worth the effort to see it.  Yes, it works for all ages... If you have never been apart of a total experiential art/environment experience...do it you won't regret it and you will help some starving artist survive.  Enjoy your journer

This place is phenomenal. It was the most fun thing our family did while visiting Santa Fe. This is a big house encompassed within the Meow Wolf building, set up like the scene of a mystery in which you have to figure out what happened to the family that lived there. Clues abound in the details -- the mail, the newspaper, the drawings int he kids' rooms. A teen or adult could take their time to unravel the mystery, looking up links on a smartphone. Throughout the house are secret tunnels that lead from unexpected places into a fantasy land of mythic proportions, filled with phsychidillec, sensory, musical, other-wordly fun stuff to explore. It is really fun for kids and adults alike to explore it all, find all the secret passageways, and figure out what everything does. There's even a (free) 80s style arcade hidden in there somewhere. It is the most creative and ingenious attraction I've ever seen. I want to go back!

This is an art collective sponsored by George RR Martin of Game of Thrones fame.  It is amazing, original, interactive and fun.  You enter the house of eternal return and wander through worlds of different dimensions.  Perhaps you will walk through a normal looking closet and find yourself in a room with a dinosaur with neon ribs that you can create your own music.  Walk through the refrigerator and find yourself in a three-dimensional fantasy world.  Explore, touch, experience and just wonder.

There are so many things to do in Meow Wolf. You can go up and down through different worlds and can even find cool secrets. Heck you can go through the fire place or the fridge and find a whole new area to explore! If you visit Santa Fe you can't miss it!!!!

The most unusual and enjoyable museum.  A cross between Alice and Wonderland and the haunted mansion at Disneyland.

Good for kids? Yep. Good for teenagers? Yep. Good for Adults? Yep. Good during the day? Yep. Good for the evening? Yep. It's hard to describe, but this place is fun for just about everyone at every age. It will disorient your senses, stimulate your senses, and entertain for hours.

Our family (including two adults and four children ages 11, 9, 7 and 4) absolutely LOVED this...I don't even know what to call it.... "immersive experience." We've clocked our time in avant-garde NYC art galleries and have been to numerous contemporary "installations." NOTHING we have seen in our lives compares to this. (Maybe "Sleep No More" in New York? But that was a theater experience, way expensive, and nowhere near as cool as this.)  We ended up staying for over three hours inside, and to my surprise, we also ended up pretty much solving the mystery driving the exhibit's narrative. (This is not even slightly necessary to enjoy it. But while our kids were obsessively spending time in every inch of the place, we adults were able to get in a bit of reading in the house itself which made it a lot clearer what was supposed to be going on. ****If you're interested in "solving" the mystery, here's a big clue-- not a spoiler, but don't read the rest of this sentence if you don't want a big clue: the closest thing to an explanation is contained in the notebooks in the bunkbed room whose first few pages just look like kids' science projects, combined with the papers scattered around the office area; basically everything you need to know is contained within the house and these two locations provide the most details.)Fun facts: this place was apparently financed by George R.R. Martin, author of "Game of Thrones" and a Santa Fe resident. It used to be a bowling alley. But it is the work of many artists, and several of the rooms are rotating exhibits that are changed out every few months.The level of imagination and beauty in this exhibit was tremendous, even without the mystery/story (frankly you don't even need the story, it's just the icing on the cake). Remember that everything is interactive, so don't forget to push buttons, hit things, "strum" the laser harps, and most of all, open every single door and drawer, even ones that anywhere else would look like they're only for employees. You'll be amazed by how deep this place goes. It's like the Dr. Who TARDIS, bigger on the inside! Every inch of this place is so deeply imaginative and beautiful, and so much fun to explore for children and adults alike. We spent a week in New Mexico seeing world-class destinations like Carlsbad Caverns and White Sands National Parks, yet everyone in our family ranked this place as one of our top 3 favorite stops of our trip.... or as my husband put it, "It was worth coming to New Mexico just for that." (Also, I am a migraine sufferer, and while I have had many experiences where strobes/pervasive noise/sensory overload has caused migraines, this wasn't the case for me here. Your mileage may vary.)Not to be missed!!!

This place was great, fantastically interesting, creative, people of all ages would enjoy it. I went here with my family on vacation and we had a blast. Tour took about 2 hours. I think I saw all the rooms but I'm not sure.

Meow Wolf was the highlight of our weekend getaway in Santa Fe!! It was so much fun to go through the world, learn the story, and touch and play with everything!! It's like a fun house for adults!! It's hard to explain exactly what this is, you really just need to experience it for yourself!! 

I had about twelve people recommend those place to me when they found out I was gonna be in Santa Fe. People from all different backgrounds, people who knew me and people who didn't know me. So u was really looking forward to it.This place is impressive, from a building/creating standpoint. The amount of work and resources it must have taken to make is incredible. But.I'm not very familiar with popular media and I don't do LSD. I just don't get it. At all.I thought there was supposed to be some mystery...no idea what that's about.And I'm anxious in crowds, and there were a LOT OF PEOPLE in here. So I had a mini breakdown and had to leave the building for a while. Luckily they let me back in with my arm band.So for me it was a waste of money. And it's not cheap. So that's frustrating.My partner really liked it, though. So maybe I'm just flawed.

This place was recommended to us by friends and we couldn't find anything online explaining what it was. So we figured we would give it a try. Meow Wolf was VERY interesting. You definitely have to be open minded when going here, and have about 2-3 hours of time to spend. We did have a lot of fun and enjoyed it very much. 

If you like the bizarre, different and unique, you will like Meow Wolf. There is a mystery to be solved, a home and it's furnishings to puzzle over. A one-of-a-kind experience for those looking for something out of the ordinary. Kids will love it.

This is a must see!!  It is full of never ending surprises and will delight both young and old.  Plan to stay for awhile to take enjoy and take it all in.

This is a cool museum.  However, it is very much like a Chuck E. Cheese at first sight.  The staff failed to mention that you have to start at the mailbox and look for clues to solve the mystery that lies within.  Otherwise it is just an interactive kind of funky museum

We stopped for a night and half day in Santa Fe as part of a road trip. We heard about Meow Wolf and decided to check it out even though we did not really understand what it is. My advice... Don't worry - just go. Very cool and worthy few hours in a unique hands-on exhibit. I would recommend for anyone that is curious, explorative by nature. It works for all ages. It's part art exhibit, part playground and just incredibly creative. The only caution is for folk with issues with either claustrophobia or problems with flashing lights as there are some tight spaces and loads of flashing lights used. If these worry you - look at the website or call to see how you can still experience the place. 

This is such an amazing place - whether you are a kid, teen, adult or visiting alien (HA!).  I have been twice and have experienced something new each time.  I don't want to give too much away bc it is an experience so all I will say is: "This isn't your typical museum experience."  You can touch, crawl, sit and basically climb on just about everything.  Now - a few words of advice.If you have flexibility - go at a time when the rest of the local kids are in school.  That way you have more space to your selves.  Even on a weekend - it is still worth it.If you have small children - it is AWESOME but keep an eye on them - there are lots of places for them to explore.I do not recall there being food there so eat before you go.

Claustrophobic! Great for teens & young adults! I felt a little out of my league. We had VIP status so did not have to wait it line. Good thing because there were lines around the block when we went in & when we came out. The whole thing just went right over my head! 

Truly unique experience for all ages and interests. I am 40 and have two boys ages 7 and 8. We were all happily impressed and  entertained for 3 hours and probably could have stayed longer if we had attempted the "mystery story line." We were caught up in the fun lights, music, video, and interactive rooms. Try eating lunch at the nearby tortilla flats beforehand because they offer a discount with purchase. Enjoy!

A former bowling alley converted into an art display with over 70 rooms/displays - it was a ton of fun, discovering different visual expressions.  You could climb stairs  to go to the different levels, so it felt like an adventure, and you could go at your own pace.  Creative, interactive, cannot wait to see where they expand to!

I went here with my family from age 14 to 62 and we all really enjoyed the place. I loved how different places lead to total different place. The coolest had to be the fridge you went in and came to a totally new house. It was okay with people when we were there but you did not feel trapped. Everyone who visit New Mexico should visit this place.

My inlaws were in town, and I had heard so much about this place that I thought we should give it a try.   We got there at about 11 and there was a line, it took about 45 minutes to get in and pay, probably because it was January 2 and kids were still out of school.   The adults were 18 and kids were $13.  Way overpriced for what you get.   After you pay you walk in and it looked like a junky old house to me but the kids seemed to like touching things.  Maybe I didn't get the whole "art" aspect of this place. The kids did have fun, but unfortunately I paid $80 for adults who just thought it was "ok".   There were some cool bridges and stair cases and a fridge that takes you into a few secret rooms--kids will like it, but overall, I thought it was not worth the money or the 45 minute drive from ABQ to see it.

We visited MW in November 2016 on the advice of a friend who frequents Santa Fe.  He said specifically that he would not try to describe it, but that we had to see it for ourselves.  The only thing he offered was, "Be sure to open the refrigerator". Huh???Needless to say, the other reviews are on point- bizarre, fun, quirky, colorful, weird...  Pick your adjective; they all apply.  To me it felt like we were walking inside a video game or someone's dream (or nightmare, depending on your perspective).I will say as another reviewer noted that very small kids may not appreciate MW or may even be scared.  There are many dark areas, blacklights and neon, some pretend bugs, etc.  I think most kids will enjoy it, but some littler ones may not.There were signs posted indicating things at MW will be refreshed January 2017, so it will be interesting to see what the artist collective has up their sleeve next!  What a fun, crazy, unexpected place!

This place is hard to describe , but it is worth every minute you spend walking around the various rooms and corners.  Is it an amusement park.. a puzzle room... an art atudio?  All of the above.  Meow Wolf is a trip that is highly recommended. 

Meow Wolf is one of the most unique experience you will ever have! We had so much fun! Crawling through a fireplace, walking into a refrigerator, walking through a closet...take your time and look at everything carefully...there are hidden surprises everywhere! It is truly an immersive Art Experience! FUN for ALL AGES! 

Well, I was having my windshield replaced nearby and the man said it was going to take a good four hours to complete the job. I asked him if he had a suggestion on what I might do nearby. He said Meow Wolf, when I asked him what it was he said he could not explain it. With nothing else to do I took his advice and walked over. SIX HOURS later I emerged elated. I cannot explain this either, just go, it is fantastical.

I would highly recommend visiting! Make sure to block out 2-3 hours. It is an interactive art experience. More detailed, it is an expansive structure with many different rooms, telling a science fiction story. Every where you look there is something amazing- truly a wonderful creation! **TOUCH EVERYTHING** There are clues to help you learn more about the story of the place you are exploring. This can be fun for all ages: the visually stimulating exploration for younger kids, with a larger, more complex story puzzle for adults and teens. Not all of the structure is accessible. There are some steep staircases, shorter doorways, and tight spaces. A really magical experience - very dream-like at times! 

This space was amazing all around. Its kind of like an art installation/maze. We had a 15 month old with us, she loved walking around looking at all the spaces and interacting with things. They have lots of little tunnels and unique rooms all connected. Its kind of hard to describe, but if you enjoy art, haunted houses, or a unique a experience its a must do. Some of the spaces could be a bit tight if you dont like small spaces, and its a bit dark in there, but everything was well constructed and sturdy. Our toddler liked it as much as the children's museum.

This place has a way to bend your mind with all the visual stimulation.  Weird but incredible cool mini rooms everywhere- there is a story line but that requires you to think! :). Loved the live fishtank room- eyeball room- laser harp, skeleton music drums- yea weird and amazing- have fun if you like the bizarre!

Come with an open mind and let the mystery unleash... it's one of those thing you just need to experience.  Words can't describe this fascinating journey with no rules.  I highly recommend this experience that is great for any occasion. Family, dating, by yourself... no rules here just a great time.

Meow Wolf's "House of Eternal Return" is a giant experiential and immersive puzzle.  It is an art installation.  It is a house and portal to "elsewhere" constructed by a group of artists.  It resides inside a former bowling alley.  It is a fun house (funhouse?) for both children and adults who are willing to be curious and explore.  This does take some effort and an open mind.  Try to solve the big and small mysteries inside.  Where is the missing hamster?  What would you find if you opened the safe?  Can you make mushrooms sing by touching them?  On my first visit I was fortunate to be guided by a young child -- a true aficionado -- who led me into places I would never have found by myself.  If you don't have access to a child guide, leave your fuddy duddy adult outside with the cell phone and let yourself play.  (I visited the House right after the presidential election, and it was a welcome respite from reality.)

This was by far the highlight for my children when we visited Santa Fe over summer.  The mastermind behind this place was brilliant.  It is deceiving from the outside and then you walk in to a maze with all sorts of fun and interactive places to explore.  The price is a little high for large families but if you are a local you do get a discount so that is good news for the local peeps.

I hate to be contrary here but while truly an inventive modern art installation, it is also a scary world for some children who see the huge big eyed, looming monsters, later on in their own dreams.  It is basically a psychedelic dreamscape installed in a big old warehouse-like building.  It is certainly not comparable to Disneyland by any stretch of the imagination.  If anyone has issues with dizziness or migraine headaches triggered by odd lighting, this is not for you.  Moving objects, zig-zag patterns, uneven floors, busy patterns abound.  On the other hand it is a big avant-garde installation.  You have to decide whether it will be really fun as others perceive it, or whether you really want to spend $18 per adult to immerse yourself and young children into those distorted other dimensions.

Worth the money but I'd go only once. It is a phantasmagoria of lights and colours in a fairly small but confined space. It took me about one hour to get through the whole thing checking out all the rooms and secret passages.

Even after seeing friend's photos and the website it was hard to really understand what this would be like, but I loved it. It starts in what seems like an old lived-in house but then doors lead to different worlds. I'd recommend children should be 5 and up, and adults who have problems with stairs etc would probably be disappointed: we crawled (through a fireplace), climbed ladders, lots of stairs. 

Difficult to describe but an intense and interactive experience - unusual, unique, done nothing like it before. Not to be missed as not sure you will get anything like this anywhere else.

A quite enjoyable surrealist funhouse, great place to get lost in, though not quite a full narrative experience. Don't go on bad acid!

My friend and I went there since it was recommended by the hotel staff. My friend and I are in our 60's and still had fun exploring this place. You don't want to tell too much about it since there are so many things to explore and experience. People of all ages should have fun here. We climbed stairs, went through stuff but came late so we didn't get to work on the mystery. This is unique place.

I live here in Santa Fe & had been itching to go but never found the time (No Excuse!!!). But in September a visit from my daughter, son-in-law, & grand kids made a trip to The House of Eternal Return a priority upon their arrival from the east coast. Almost six hours later it was only pure hunger that forced us to leave... we drug ourselves out kicking & screaming! I almost speed dialed for a pizza delivery! We each have our own memorable experience about The House and a month later, the family back east, we are ALL still talking about it & what we loved the most! My nine year grandson is offering to do all the extra chores he can to raise up enough money for air fare- he wants to be back here in time for a House Halloween experience! His favorite parts: The Tree House, the refrigerator, the secret door under the stairs, "EVERYTHING!!!" My three year old grand daughter's favorite thing: "The giant caterpillar with the freaky eyes!", because three year olds generally don't know what an Abominable Snowman is. So to her it's a "giant caterpillar with freaky eyes". According to my daughter it's all my grand daughter still talks about when asked how she liked her trip to visit grandma in New Mexico. Oh, and she liked the toilet, too!!! My daughter couldn't get enough of the BoyGirl bedroom & we both spent a considerable amount of time finding clues as to the whereabouts of the missing hamster. Son-in-law just wandered around in a daze of wonderment making comments like "So worth the trip out here! Worth every penny!" I was fascinated by the refrigerator (who wouldn't be!) & ended up playing tricks on total strangers once I figured out the short cut. And I want the laser harp for my own house. Oh, and that diving bell with the furniture & the I can't even describe it all inside....OK, EVERYTHING!!! My artist's eyes just couldn't get enough. My artist's brain, overloaded, still couldn't get enough of The House of Eternal Return! It IS addictive. It IS inspiring. Be forewarned: You will understand why it is a House of Eternal Return- you will want to keep coming back again & again! When going to The House check ALL your baggage, pre-mis-conceived ideas, tendencies toward curmudgeon-ness, negative vibes, general crankiness at the door. And don't collect it when you leave. You won't want it all anyway. There will be no room for all that in your life- or your brain- after your visit! And every once in a while my grandson would stop & say "Really, this used to be a bowling alley?! Incredible!"

The truth is that this art installation is simply indescribable except to say it is a must especially with teenagers. 

There is no way to begin to describe this place. It is a interactive art gallery with very imaginitive displays. It is a mind boggling labyrinth,  so give yourself one to two hours to see it all properly. 

We went to this attraction with friends we were traveling with.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!  We encourage everyone to go have a great time!!

incredibly inventive and exciting place to visit many times. Good for children and adults, it's quite an inspiring place

It annoyed me that nobody who had been to MW would (or could) describe what it was. After going I totally get that!!  What the heck do you say but Go, Go, Go!

I know I am an outlier - but I wouldn't go again. Some things were very creative, while others were just random.

We'd heard about Meow Wolf from various sources and decided it was a must see for our visit to Santa Fe.  We loved the giant sculptures outdoors and knew we were in for visual fun. Our first stop was to the Makers area where we had a tintype picture taken!  A hidden gem at this venue was a fully featured Makers Space, complete with 3D printers, laser cutters/engravers, electronics workbenches, and stuff for clothing / costume Makers. When we entered the 'main event' we knew to look for clues about the family that had lived in the house and had disappeared. We found some clues in the home but--spoiler alert--within the complex is a film and some verbal clues that lead you to some conclusions about their fate.  There are so many rooms, passageways, visuals to experience that it takes hours to see what all of the artists have created.  Loved the black and white room, laser harp, and 'toilet' to pick a few.  It was kind of like a modernized psychedelic happening. They also offered a small snack area if you needed to refuel for another 'go'.  

Very creative. However, probably only really worth the price of admission if you're up for spending a lot of time reading and working on the mystery.  Would've probably been great had we had kids with us. 

Brought two teen nieces and two ten year old nephews. One is Autistic and we brought him for his birthday. He absolutely loved all the lights and the ability to be interactive. We will definitely visit every time we are in town.

We were told by friends that we "HAD" to go while we were in Santa Fe!  We tried to go on Saturday, but it was packed, so we decided to go on Monday.  We prefer to not have the crowds, and if you are the same, then keep that in mind.  They are closed on Tuesdays.  This is great for any age!  What an imagination the owners must have!  Upon entering, you think you are going through someone's home, but then you go down a hallway, or into the refrigerator (yes, we actually walked through a solid white room, down a hallway that kept getting more narrow, then thought we had to turn around.  I told my husband that I thought it was a doorway.  When we pushed it open, we actually walked through the door of the refrigerator back into the kitchen!  How awesome!)  I was afraid it would be scary, like a haunted house, but that is not the case at all!  It is so hands on, I can see that it would be a great place for kids!  They can crawl all over the place!  You can spend a few hours, or all day!  You get a wrist band in case you want to go to their cafe, or leave to eat and come back.  This truly is a must see to believe; it is way too difficult to describe!  On the way to the restrooms, you can look through the windows at their creative department.  They even have an area just for children to create as well!  There are stairs, and I do not know if it would be handicap accessible, you would have to check that.  There are places that you need to crawl into, or bend down to get through.  It is safe in case the children get away from you.  It is exciting to see all the different things to see!  There is a school bus sitting up in the air on the rear, 2 campers, a tree house, plus so much more!  It is almost overwhelming, but it makes it more exciting to make sure you see everything!  Take your time and don't miss anything!  Especially, the laser harp!  Enjoy every minute!

Personally I was not sure I loved it.  It was definitely different but I got tired of climbing around and trying to figure out what I was supposed to get out of it but it was fun and visually appealing and a definite fun afternoon.  The teen kids loved it though (13 and 18)  They could have stayed all day.  Set up was nice with open area including shop and seating.  After an hour or so, I left and went to sit down.  Kids came out finally and sat with me for a few minutes and then went back in for another nearly hour.  They did this a few times telling me more things each time they hadn't seen originally.  They ere very excited.  It was a good place although odd, to spend the day.  Worth an afternoon!  I'd describe it better but I didn't really get it.  :)

This place is simply amazing. If you take the time to really look at each exhibit, a masterful story comes to life. There are numerous secret areas to explore/crawl/climb throughout. Revisiting a room often leads you to find something new. The level of detail put into the exhibits is crazy. We spent 3 hours inside and I could have taken even more time to gather all the story elements. If you don't like art exhibits or you want something quick, then this isn't for you. Tip: make sure you open the mailbox at the beginning as it will help frame the rest of your time there. 

While this is what another reviewer called a singular experience, I also agree that it is the emperor's new clothes. I think the target age is 10-30 and even then it may not deliver to the well traveled. Go if you must it is an expensive day. And in a state where poverty is high, this is not priced for a New Mexican family of four to visit. It is a shame that it is really a tourist installation.

I think this should be #1 for Santa Fe. Seriously. It is a phenomenal experience for all ages. I live in ABQ and have been there 3 times now. I can't wait to return. There is so much art, creativity, intrigue, fun, and entertainment. It's like an amusement part, art installation, immersive experience. You can easily spend 4+ hours here. Look everywhere and explore. Play. Climb. Make music. Touch everything. And there's a sci-fi mystery narrative to discover, too, if you like!

This, by far, is a unique experience. Things aren't always what they seem. From the beginning of this self-guided intersecting experience of the "house" you are yanked on a journey of non-sequiturs. The inhabitants of the house seemed to have just stepped out for a bit before you arrived. I don't want to give away some of the wonderful and clever things you will see but imagine yourself in a country kitchen and open the fridge and walk through it. That is just the beginning. I felt like a look-loo peaking into closets and sitting on beds. The rest of the displays outside the house through a labyrinth of passageways and false turns will amuse and delight. And it is totally hands on.

My wife and I just visited the Meow Wolf exhibit and as we were leaving all we could say is how glad we are we decided to check this out. You could spend hours and hours checking out all the stuff in here. You can pick up and investigate nearly everything. There are hidden passage ways to be found and room to room everything can change dramatically. The sights and sounds are exquisite. It's like a mix Alice in Wonderland and Ripley's Believe It or Not. I highly recommend spending time looking through everything and if you think you have seen everything go through again. You will continue to find more and more amazing sights. Pictures simply don't do justice. 

By far one of the most exotic and interesting museums I have ever visited.  Unique interactive exhibits.  You could spend hours there and not realize the time had elapsed.

My family and I visited Meow Wolf after seeing several posts on Facebook and rave reviews.  Although it is a creative theme, and the kids loved it, most of the adults were left with its ok, but wouldn't visit again.  If you are curious, go, but it's at a bit pricey for the venue. $50 for family of 3 at the local rate.  But then again, for art, it's all in the eye of the beholder.  It was creative, but then so so for this beholder.

Didn't enjoy this place at all found it totally weird and way over priced. The children there and our 16 yr old granddaughter loved it though. I would never go back.

By far one of the most exotic and interesting museums I have ever visited.  Unique interactive exhibits.  You could spend hours there and not realize the time had elapsed.

My family and I visited Meow Wolf after seeing several posts on Facebook and rave reviews.  Although it is a creative theme, and the kids loved it, most of the adults were left with its ok, but wouldn't visit again.  If you are curious, go, but it's at a bit pricey for the venue. $50 for family of 3 at the local rate.  But then again, for art, it's all in the eye of the beholder.  It was creative, but then so so for this beholder.

Didn't enjoy this place at all found it totally weird and way over priced. The children there and our 16 yr old granddaughter loved it though. I would never go back.

We came to the meow with low expectations and spent oh almost 6 hours there having a blast with the many interactive exhibits but I won't ruin it with pics u have to see it

A mystery wrapped in an enigma, wrapped inside a former Bowling Alley.  A fun 2-7 hours of walking and experiencing and playing and interacting with a fictional house/world trying to figure out the quasi-mystery.  A lot of fun if you enjoy the new and the odd and the interesting.

We were visiting galleries earlier in the day, and one of the people we ran into recommended this place. I have lived in and traveled to many different countries, and this place is one of the coolest things, if not the coolest thing, I've ever experienced. It is suitable for all ages, too! I entitled it Dr. Seuss because it feels like you are in one of his books. We have been raving about it ever since!

I had a hard time deciding how many stars to give this place. It's so weird and cool. I definitely think it's a five star attraction in terms of how interesting and crazy it is. The only downside is that it's so busy that trying to solve the mystery is almost impossible. In addition, my guess is that it would take multiple trips to figure everything out. A good business strategy, but it can be frustrating at times.That said, the whole place is a piece of art, representing the conscious and subconscious worlds of the family at the center of the mystery. It's great for most ages, excluding older folks who wouldn't be able to navigate many of the secret passages.Definitely take the time to explore it thoroughly. We were almost ready to leave when we found an entire section we had almost missed. Also take advantage of the free video games, although the pinball machine broke regularly.Overall it was an interesting and whacky experience.

Part "haunted house", part art exhibit, part playground.....hard to see it all, but amazing whatever you do!  A word to the wise: buy (or bring) 3D glasses when you get your ticket....you'll get more out of it, and they don't tell you that. Probably best to avoid the weekend if you can, it was pretty crowded. My husband and I are over 60, didn't have kids with us, and loved every minute.

There's nothing like Meow Wolf in the world. It is an experience. Words cannot describe it. Kids 10 and under are immersed in the endless visual-interactive fantasy, while adolecents and adults discover and follow surreal narratives that guide you through the multiverse portals within the house. Step into the fridge. Crawl through the fireplace. Click on the computer. Open the drawers. Read the notes. Always look up. Always. And down too.See? Clear as a bell.Drop everything and go to Meow Wolf. Do not plan on spending less than 3 hours there or you'll wish you didn't have to leave.Santa Fe should be on your map for this alone.

I have never experienced this type of venue before; I'm not sure it even exists elsewhere! There's a mystery to try to solve (good luck), there are clues placed throughout and much to look at, touch and ponder. Perfect for kids (like a playground) and great for teens and adults. We saw folks of all ages there. There are food trucks outside for snacks and some limited food options inside. Bathrooms were fun and clean! Staff is great. Probably not the best environment for anyone in a wheelchair or on crutches.

This was a very interesting establishment to visit.  It is part art, part interactive science exhibits, part haunted house.  Museum visitors can interact with the exhibits/art.  Children seem to love this establishment and it cannot help but build your creativity.  

what a fun, interesting place to visit. Wish I had my grandchildren with me. we are in our 60's and had a blast!

The mixed media interactive display is a must. Don't look at the pictures or you won't be surprised! I took some awesome pics but won't share them because you need to see this in 3D with your own eyes, hands and feet. Trust me, even if you live in hipster Williamsburg in NYC, you will be in awe of how crazy maxed out insane scary and detailed this exhibit is. Love! Love! Love!

All the art was awesome everything was awesome. When we walked in there was a very rude lady and why do we have to give are own personal bags to them. I mean we don't know who is handling are bags and what there doing with them! The people can be a lot more nicer and less rude!

One of the coolest places around, and  a must see if visiting Santa Fe. This exhibit is not only inspirational, it is interactive and has a variety for all ages. I call it an interactive art installation but even that doesn't do it justice. I love that the folks creating the space allowed for individual tastes to be manifested-you can see the differences in tastes within the exhibits that were created by different members of the team. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because boys, couldn't you have taken the time to make the ENTIRE space handicapped accessible? Even though there are a lot of great spaces to enjoy, so INVEST in diversity, don't just talk about it. Great job, very proud to have this in Santa Fe and when you change out the exhibits to the next great idea, let's make the stairs wider and create some real ramps for all humans to enjoy.

This is the best Art Installation in Santa Fe. A must see for sure. Good for ALL ages. I don't want to spoil anything. Go with an open mind.

Just amazing!! Best art exhibition I've ever seen! You need at least two hours to go through the entire thing. Can't bring backpacks or food inside.

Meow Wolf is completely unique and could be interesting to people of all ages. My family (two college aged, two forty-somethings) enjoyed it very much. I won't try to describe it because others have already done so. Meow Wolf is for people who like art, but don't restrict their definition of art to fine art paintings in a museum. It is for people who like to explore and to be surprised. It is for people who have no serious problems walking or climbing stairs or sometimes crawling. Meow Wolf is for people who do not mind being a bit disoriented (I was not always sure where the exit was or which floor I was on) and who don't mind dimness and noisiness. It is for people who do not mind not having a clear organization and who do not mind being in small areas at times that can be crowded. While I saw many children enjoying the attraction, I also saw a few that were overwhelmed and scared, so know your child. If he/she doesn't like surprises, dimness and crowds, he/she probably will be overwhelmed at Meow Wolf. It is super-easy to become separated from your party at Meow Wolf, particularly if you are visiting with little children.As for the practical matters--we arrived about ten minutes after opening on a Friday morning and it was very busy. We had to wait about ten minutes to buy tickets. However once we were in the exhibit, it really wasn't crowded for the first sixty to ninety minutes. When we left, there was no line to buy tickets, but the exhibit itself was quite full. I was surprised to see several busses full of day camp children arrive at the same time that we did, including what appeared to be preschool aged campers. I like kids and I do think that the attraction is appropriate for kids, but it was a bit overrun because the adult/child ratio was low. I don't know if Meow Wolf does an "adults only" time, but if not, it might be a good idea.

Mind-blowing! I found myself sitting in AWE several times! These amazing artists managed to create a physically multi dimensional experience and journey that leaves one in that childlike state of exploration, and excites the wonder, magic, and imagination of youth!

This is a hidden gem.  Unique is not too strong a word.  Very hard to describe, but wonderfully surreal.   Great for kids (probably 7+ years old).  Wonderful staff, imaginary exhibits.  At the risk of repeating myself . . . unique.  I'd definitely recommend this.  

Awesome display of various art creations. It's a perfect entertainment for everyone. Got a good deal due to physical limitations

This was just a phenomenal experience for our family. We could go back every week and not see everything. Very colorful, intriguing and immersion. Make sure you have at least 2 hours to be there and open every door, you never know what might be behind it. 

The best fun house ever! get a good night sleep before heading off to MeowWolf as itis an inter "active" space, If you have small Kids bring a leash as to not lose track of them.

This is a great museum for all ages. Absolutely amazing job organizing, coordinating and putting everything together. It is like a time travel experience in reality and no phones needed (except for pictures of course)!! It is like a multi-colored dream world like no other. Hard to explain to anyone but you definitely won't want to miss it!!

Meow Wolf is nothing short of EXTRAORDINARY!We made a trip down from Denver just to go to the art experience and it was far beyond our expectations. It is my son's favorite art location (he's seven but has been to the Denver art museum, NYC MOMA, Guggenheim, and Musee de Rodin in Paris). I totally agree with him that Meow Wolf was the most fun! We spent over four hours there and already are planning another visit back. We've been telling everyone we know and posted lots of cool photos from our trip - friends are planning a stop there over fall break!We love the concept, energy, and creativity of the space - and we picked up some funky rad souvenirs and art in the Meow Wolf gift shop. The Art-o-mat is a MUST, thanks for having a way for my son to purchase his first original art with piggy-bank money!

This place is amazing! Took my kids there, ages 13 and 11. My 13 year old son wasn't really interested in an "art" space...he was totally blown away! We loved it both times and bought a family pass and cannot wait to go again! Try to go during the week when it's less crowded.

This is an experience I am going to remember forever! Its a mix between a crazy dream and a computer game where you are searching for clues. Make sure you give yourself a large chunk of time and maybe bring snacks. We were in there for 3.5 hours and left because I got hungry. Later in the evening when certain things about the story were bothering us we went back at 10pm for another hour. Your tickets gives you a full day of admission. Word of Warning for people afriad of Spiders!!! There is a large figure of one in the back of the parking lot. 

Meow Wolf is an interactive art installation for the whole family.  You start out at a humble home but open the refrigerator to enter a whole new plane of existence.  You can play a laser air harp or alter the color of mushrooms that grow on the trees with eyes.  You'll want to touch everything because it just might do something you won't expect.  Open every door or cabinet or possible opening, because there will be a surprise waiting.  Pause in the different spaces because the light might change and alter everything.  There may or may not be deeper meanings to a teen girl's room where everything female has no face and to every other square inch of the space but even if all you want to do is scratch the surface you'll have a great couple of hours.  When you're done stop by the gift shop.  They give the artists 80% of the sale and what a great way to support these creative and imaginative young people.If possible go mid week.  It does get crowded and I think it will be more enjoyable for most if you aren't tripping over your fellow visitors.  Don't bring in your bottle of water, you won't get to keep it.

This art complex is a fascinating combination of visual creativity and whimsical delight in meandering hallways, closets, staircases and unexpected entrances and exits in what appears to be a "normal" Victorian two story house. When you enter it is "nighttime" and you feel like you are simply entering someone's home, but then you see someone leave through the fireplace in the living room or exit the kitchen through the refrigerator and you realize you are entering a different world. It was fabulous for our granddaughters, 11 and 8, and my husband and I were stunned with the amount  and variety of art throughout every space, nook and cranny (and closet passages) etc. Totally mesmerizing and we are still not sure we saw it all after 2 1/2 hours of going in and out of all the rooms, vehicles and cubbyholes! Really anxious to return and go at a slower pace!There is an underlying story that we missed due to the noise level. It was hard to hear viseo/recording that carry a storyline we feel we missed. We just got bits and pieces so we feel like we missed a part that would enrich the experience. Maybe if there were a map with those areas identified and the order in which they should be visited was  clearer, but maybe that is suppose to be part of the adventure, just felt that area of the whole experience was lacking. Loved it and will return!

I know a lot of people who found this to be amusing and it's more of a Disney like installation rather an art piece . A glue Hun and some rubber doesn't make you an artist. So I was not sure how to take this. Definitely great for children and there where many who ran around going crazy in the endless rooms and some tacky visitors who think this is art but for me it was in the end a bad execution of a great idea. It's nevertheless Wyeth visiting . 18 $ entry and you can go in and out all day . Think of it as 2001 a space odyssey meets Disney meets Dr. Who 

Part art museum, part hands on kids museum, part crime scene murder mystery - I am still struggling to describe this to friends and family.  But it is a must go see!  You could visit this place several times and take away a different experience.  We travelled with a group of teens and chaperones and we all had a different encounter. There are many rooms that one person would find and others wouldn't.  I don't want to give away any secrets, but if you look inside the mailbox, it will give you a good idea of what you are about to experience.  Enjoy!

It's difficult to describe Meow Wolf because it isn't quite like anything else I've ever experienced.  It's part dayglo fantasy, part art project/movie set, part comic book/anime/Alice Through the Looking Glass experience.  It will appeal to children of all ages and it definitely merits repeat visits as there is so much to see everywhere you look.  I was most impressed with the dayglo forest and the "treehouse" in the middle (oh, and those painted murals on the upper level were impressive), but there was so much to see that I really couldn't pick anything as a favorite.  It's a totally immersive experience that showcases a wealth of creative experimentation and talent.  This experience appeals to a variety of senses and actually begs you to interact by pushing, sliding open, rustling through, entering through doorways/portals and touching/resting/gazing into various displays and scenarios.We need more of these types of explorations in Santa Fe.  With all the creative energy here, a lot of new excitement can be generated in the Siler/Rufina Southside corridor to compliment the other arts districts.  Santa Fe is encompassing everything from the historical traditional fine arts through modern and contemporary and now more current make it and cutting edge variations. It's so exciting to see Santa Fe becoming so all encompassing and inclusive of the full spectrum of art and creative expressions. Meow Wolf is at the forefront of a great trend and what a great way to recycle/upscale an old bowling alley!    

It is overpriced for out of town guests.  Not recommended for the elderly or for those who have health issues.  There are a number of steps and crannies one must walk through.  

This place was not what I was expecting...it was way cooler!! The staff was great! They were helpful and patient, and graciously helped me out of a sticky situation. I was a little worried about taking my three very young children, but they did awesome and had a blast! The Open Studio was also fabulous! My kids painted and played with magnetic tiles for an additional hour (and probably would have stayed longer!) What a great day for our family!If you have little's that can't walk or need to be held most if the time, take a carrier (like an ergo or tula). You can't take a stroller through the exhibit. The front desk can check your stroller if you brought one though! No food or drinks inside the exhibit area, but there are food trucks outside, and a lobby you can snack in.The price is a bit steep, but the access bracelet you get is good for the entire day, so if you want to leave for awhile and go back, you can. The exhibit is not wheelchair accessible. The Elderly, heavier set, and very tall may have a bit more trouble getting around in certain areas. 

The place is called Meow Wolf and we weren't sure if this was worth going to but we found it on TripAdvisor and decided to check it out. It's a little pricey $18 for adults and $12 for children under 12 but worth the money because you'll be there for quite a while, it's a 20,000 sqf exhibition. It is an amazing place to visit for the old and the young. We had so much fun exploring the different rooms. I would say get there early on the weekends. When we went we left at around 7pm and there was a huge line outside.

I'm, er, reviewing, uh, something! Meow Wolf is not for the older set. Kids will LOVE it!!! Nobody can describe what it is - I mean nobody - not even the brochure. What does interactive art experience featuring a wild new form of non-linear storytelling even mean? Though you could see some of it if you were handicapped, I wouldn't recommend it as there are so many places you couldn't go. It is colorful, frantic, techie, and an absolute dream for kids. We walked through refrigerators and fireplaces, up ladders and through hidden doors. Apparently one is to find clues, solved them and come up with an answer. A guide told us that could take a month! Children and savvy teens adored it. we just kept shaking our heads. That's what codgers do!

I was in Santa Fe for a day and had heard about a newly opened interactive art museum. Being from Minneapolis, home of Northern Spark and thriving art metropolis, I knew I had to visit. We got there when it opened (10 am) which proved to be a smart move. We were some of the first people there and enjoyed the bulk of our hour and a half visit almost privately. Each area was fascinating with many surprises and things to explore. The light shows and holographs throughout were awesome, and the glowing fish room was fantastic. There was also giant snow monster and a cave full of eyes (that opened and closed). There was also a mystery going on throughout. At first I tried to follow along, but was completely confused so decided to just enjoy the art. It didn't dampen the experience for me at all. Toward the end of our visit there were more crowds and children running all over (this is a paradise of free exploration for them). There was climbing and ducking into small places involved in the visit, so if you are not fully mobile, it would not be as fun. The gift shop had some cool stuff, and there was an "Art-o-Mat" vending machine in the lobby. You get a little wood block art piece for $5 in the vending machine. I bought two :)

This indoor activity is perfect for a 102 degree afternoon. Great for adults, teens and kids. Some parts may be scary for younger kids and strollers will limit your fun slightly. Spend an hour looking around  and finding the hidden passageways or 4 hours figuring out the mystery. There are clues all over the house. We didn't do that this time but will return without our kids to do it again. Great place for a first date. Places to sit and marvel at the minds it took to put this together. Sights, sounds, textures and a world turned upside down. Nothing is what it seems. It far exceeded my expectations.  

The biggest play house/art gallery/acid trip i've ever been in. =) You can read about it and see pictures but it just doesn't do it justice. art perspective was off the charts here. I loved it. Would totally do it again and even watch a concert/dj here which they have most weekends. Most everything is real and you can touch everything. People are reading personal journels and waht not left in rooms. There are entries and exits everywhere. go through a closet, a frig, a fireplace to see new things. You could easily miss things. We spent hours here and 90% of my group dislike art galleries or anything to do with art. Everyone loved this. Grownups turn to kids and kids absolutely love it. IT is a bit spendy to visit but who cares it's totally worth it. There is a DJ in the aprking lot under the massive spider. Huge robot and wolf as well. If you are interested in work space to get your craft on you can pay to use their table space and items. Educational rooms are also there. 

My kids had so much fun at this place.  It had so many cool rooms to explore.  We had a great morning wandering around and getting lost.  They really liked the room with the laser harp.  So cool!

When you arrive at a destination and find the Tardis inside the lobby with a note left from The Doctor that he has gone to explore the anomaly inside the house, you know something has gone deeply wrong with the space/time continuum.My 13-year-old son had no idea what I was taking him to, which is the best way to experience Meow Wolf. Don't read too much or look at photos. Just go and be ready to have your mind blown. Pay attention to everything inside the house. If you see a business card, look up the website. Touch the website home page to access the member portal. Plan to stay 2-3 hours at least. Take a break for lunch and come back. Each time we thought we'd seen it all, we'd stumble upon another room.Great for little kids, too, but go first thing in the morning before it gets crowded. Late afternoon and evening has a lot of teenagers, so not best time for little ones. There is a play area for toddlers and small children, so adults and older kids can take turns exploring.Bring your lunch! They have tables you can eat at as you get your bearings on reality before re-entering.Have fun!

Our visit to this "Art Museum" was a blast and a great investment of time and money.  I needed to be encouraged to partake in this outing as I prefer to be outdoors biking or hiking in fair weather, and in hindsight I certainly feel I would have missed out if we skipped Meow Wolf.       What is it (MW) ? A converted space, formerly a bowling alley, is now a multi-faceted, interactive, imagination zone - it's really incredible.  The sheer amount of hours that went into devising, planning, building and creating this amazing place must be mind blowing. I anticipate a thorough telling of MW conception to fruition would be as wonderful as the exhibit itself.     Visitors proceed through the space on foot - often ducking, shuffling, and shimmying.  As well, some portions are dimly lit.  So beware, this is wonderment for all, but those with physical limitations may need assistance with a few portions. Having provided that minor disclaimer, there is something to observe and interpret within every square inch and it really sets your mind on fire: truly genius, and not just art for arts sake.      We paid eighteen dollars apiece with no coupons or discounts and I would say they could easily get twenty.  The staff at MW was friendly and cool. The bathrooms were quite clean. There seemed to be plenty of free parking, although it was much busier as we were leaving. I would recommend allowing at least two to three hours for a visit, but I think that would be a minimum for most patrons. I cannot speak to food and beverage service offered by MW, however there were three food trucks outside - we sampled food from one and it was terrific.      MW is a good time, check it out. We plan to return sometime. 

Meow Wolf was one of the most unique experiences we've ever had. The installation exceeded our expectations and was more than worth the trip to Santa Fe (even if we hadn't done anything else). There is so much to see and explore that we could have spent all day there! In fact, we even considered returning the following day to see the parts I'm sure we missed. You are encouraged to touch and interact with things and we often found ourselves climbing through portals and discovering passageways. Occasionally we had to pick our jaws up off the floor from some of the things we found. One thing we also appreciated was their willingness for people to bring their cameras inside! We can't recommend it enough!

This was quite the experience.  Meow Wolf is an interactive art experience where you take an adventure and learn about the family.  Unfortunately it was so very crowed it was hard to enjoy the full effect.  I plan to go again however will try to find a time where it is not so busy.  (Would be good if they would limit the number allowed in to enhance the experience.)  

When you approach the new Meow Wolf exhibit, it looks like you're going into a bowling alley (because the space it is housed in used to be a bowling alley).  Suddenly, you find yourself in a house. It looks like any other house until you walk into the refrigerator (or the fireplace) and find yourself in a wonderland of odd sights and sounds.  In fact, the whole place is a sensory explosion.  A highly-imaginative adventure for people of all ages (as long as you can climb and crawl a little).

Fun place.  Lots to see.  Very creative.  Lovely colors and lighting.  It seems you can see everything in less than one hour, unless I missed something.  When you enter the art exhibit, you are not given a map and the interior is like a maze, so it is difficult to say whether or not you saw everything.  Admission is about $20 per person.  Despite the price, I recommend it for folks of all ages.  I am 63 y.o.  This place reminds me of the "fun house" at an amusement park of my youth.

Like the other reviewers, we loved it!  I can't explain it effectively, only try!  An interactive art installation in a former bowling alley.  Start with 3 huge metal sculptures outside.  Park where you can.  We went on a Sunday and the lot was full and there were 2 food trucks which weren't getting much action.  We had to park on the nearby street and were worried it would be too crowded.  It was, but the experience was still incredible.  It is not inexpensive.  NM resident adult $15; NM Senior $13 and NM child $10.  They offer a free bag check--do it because trust me your bag will get in the way as you duck and climb!  They don't tell you a thing about it, only that there is only one way in and many ways to exit that are clearly marked.  Apparently there is some story line about a family and an alternate universe you must explore to locate the missing family.  We didn't know that and it really did spoil the experience, but next time I go, I'll be better prepared.  I've never taken acid, but would guess this is like an acid trip!  Things to touch, walk-on, see, feel and watch that is mind blowing!  Colors; tones, shapes, small passage ways to crawl through; places to sit and just look.  There is a school bus crashed upside down into the ground that you can see from above and below.  There is a complete house with things hidden in drawers and cabinets of each room!  You just need to go and see what it's all about!  Never stop exploring!  I'm 70 and had a great time! -  as did the 8 year old in our party!  Oh and there's a children's activity area when you exit for painting and playing and there is an artist's lab where, under mentorship artists are allowed to use complicated equipment like a 3D printer.

I notice that EVERYONE is SMILING a great big smile every time I go to The House of Eternal -- and I've been 5 times in the first opening month.  All ages walk around with an ear-to-ear grin.  Well, maybe if you hear one of those messages from beyond, then you'll lose your smile for a bit. But the mystery behind the house is superfluous to your enjoyment.  It just adds another dimension and multiple dimensions is what it's all about!  I've been with 7 year olds and 85 year olds and everyone in between, all totally mesmerized!

This interactive art collective is the next step to Santa Fe's long delayed evolution. Where else can you walk through a refrigerator door to another dimension? Or enter a bedroom closet that leads to a hidden room with a piano tuned to a violin? Have you ever plucked laser light strings out of thin air to make music?  It's all here in good old Santa Fe. This is the place to be and we're happy to say we are lifetime members.

I understand why this place isn't for everyone. It's crazy and sensory overload - color, sounds, texture, lights, smells. It's perfect for those who want to explore, for those who want to be surprised. It's for those who want to play, for those who want to discover. Nothing is off limits - open all the drawers, pet the adorable rock creatures, open the flip phones glued to the walls, smack the giant rib cage to find out it plays music. It's for those who love to get caught up in another world... or 2 or 3... It's for those who want to solve a mystery. If you have an open mind, a thirst for creative geniusness and want to be inspired, this is for YOU. NOW, FOR THE PRACTICAL INFO: it is very much sensory overload. If you have a child that is sensitive to loud noises or flashing lights, be aware. It's a little dark in places - and sometimes the ground isn't super even. It's hard to keep more than 2 people together - be prepared to lose one another. There are squishy places that are easier for smaller folks to get into, but there are also large open staircases and other pathways to get everywhere if you are claustrophobic. This is for any age group. Be prepared to spend at least 2 hours here - probably more. It gets really crowded late morning/early afternoon. Either get there right when it opens or wait until closer to evening. There is a cafe with some food and drinks in an open, lighted area outside of the main attraction to gather your bearings if need be. Be prepared to be delighted!

Hard to describe what it is going to Meow Wolf.  It's like a magical labyrinth full of art, lights and sound. It's a place where kids and adults have fun.Loved it and would go there again

This was our first time at a place like this. It was very entertaining and very interesting. It got a bit crowded but we was still able to enjoy the place. Very well designed and built. A++

OMG!!! Where to begin? It was two of the best hours we have spent this week while in Santa Fe. The immersion into art of this kind was fantastic! Will recommend to everyone we know who are traveling to this area.

I struggled with how to convey what it is like to visit Santa Fe’s Meow Wolf installation. It’s labyrinthine, bizarre, mind-bending, dazzling, (and I could go on) but no adjective can adequately describe it because the experience is so subjective. And then it dawned on me. Remember how Alice followed the White Rabbit down a rabbit-hole into Wonderland? That’s what entering the House of Eternal Return is like. Where else can you walk through a refrigerator…encounter a holographic, interdimensional travel agent…stroll through a fairy forest with interactive mushrooms…and play the ribs of a glowing, life-size thermoplastic mastodon?This home of the original Meow Wolf (there are other installations in Grapevine, TX [5 minutes from DFW], Denver, CO and Las Vegas, NV) is in a former bowling alley. That is actually kind of ironic since there are few things more linear than a bowling alley and few things less linear than a Meow Wolf installation!Cryptic clues to the underlying mystery of the unexplained disappearance of the Selig family abound, but it’s not an escape room (you can exit – and reenter – anytime you want as long as you don’t leave the building). How much time should you plan on spending here? As much as you want. We felt like we only scratched the surface (and didn’t come close to solving the mystery…if that’s even the point!) during our 3-hour visit.Drinks (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) and snacks can be purchased at the Float Café & Bar (pictured here) which has the same operating hours as the House of Eternal Return (Sunday-Thursday from 10am-8pm, Friday & Saturday from 10am-10pm, $39-$45/adult and $32-$38/ages 4-12).

Entry a bit confusing. Timed entry, but minimal instructions at door on when exactly you join the line, as emails with info indicate to arrive 10 mins early, people confused outside on what to do. Once inside, the signage isn’t too clear for first timers and an entry associate actually was stern with us about stand back and wait to be called- well- why not let us know that? LACK OF INSTRUCTIONS PRESENT. Rooms- CROWDED. Timed entry does nothing to help, unless it was even worse prior to that procedure. We could not get into some rooms, even after circulating back, due to crowd. In our opinion, some rooms were a waste of effort to enter - really nothing much to see but old handmade art that lighting didn’t allow to impress. Since it didn’t cost much, it’s fine but we won’t revisit this Meow.

Meow wolf house of eternal return was an amazing immersive experience that everybody going to santa fe should experience… not quite as spectacular as Omega Marr in Las Vegas… but awesome never the less

This is a weird and fun thing to do. Hard to say what it is you wander through an acid trip of rooms and scenes and interact with them.

First, we made the mistake of not really researching this, just heard about it and went.  That said, had a fun time and spent 90 minutes walking around.  Others had obviously researched it and I think there's some type of "game" where you are looking for clues and trying to solve something.  If you don't want to do that, it's still cool to just walk around and check it out. It's a "house" within a warehouse that has hidden portals to cool areas.  Most are fairly obvious or you'll just follow people (e.g. you climb into the dryer and slide down into another area).  Kind of a trippy experience. Pretty enjoyable for any age.

I admit, parts of the exhibit were fun. But after awhile, it just became a bit monotonous and serious sensory overload. It stopped being fun pretty quick. My favorite areas were the undersea area, when you're up in the trees, and well, that was about it. It felt like Chuck E Cheese on crack, if that makes sense. It's fun that it's interactive and you can touch everything, but still, I don't plan to go back and now that I know what the hype is about, I don't need to bother with any of the other versions. Now, if it was an interactive Harry Potter exhibit, that would be another story.ALSO, what the **** is up with the bondage masks on display in the gift shop? I'm sorry, there are CHILDREN AT THIS ATTRACTION. What is wrong with you people?

This is a massive art installation, including a 2-story house with a mystery that you can try to solve, and then several rooms of amazing, intriguing artwork, often interactive. There are about 70 rooms in total. There were several fun little portals to go through if you choose to (the washing machine, fridge, and ice plant). There’s also a stage in the back where an amazing aerialist performed. We wandered through in about 2 hours, and felt like we were constantly discovering something new, creative, or amusing.We went on a Saturday, which was very crowded; I would definitely recommend avoiding weekends, and buying tickets in advance. You can bring a purse (no large than 10” x 10”), but for anything larger you’ll have to use one of their lockers. There’s also no outside food or water allowed, but you can bring in an empty water bottle and fill it once you’re inside.

So much fun! We went here with our 3 year old. Such a neat experience. It's like a haunted house, but not scary. I would love to see their other installations in other cities.

So fun and unexpected creativity.  One room even smell like cotton candy!  The art is in the details for sure.  If you are going with seniors, ask out their discount.

so many rooms i loved it it was the best I would so there again sike I just did it to get a good grade

I'm super disappointed. I went to a concert at the space.  Over half of the exhibit was closed off and the music was garbage.  Some birthday.

Fun, different. It is an experience for the imagination and the senses. Allow at least 2 hours to enjoy this place.

Everyone is confused and walking around in a very crowded place.  Looks like a great way to separate peoples hard earned money from them.  Don’t waste your time!

A fun couple of hours. I could have spent all day to read some of the journals etc. Installations ranged from deep to fluff with a laser harp, dino bones and woodland creatures to make sounds with. I say this is a must because photos will not do it justice.

We did not know what to expect when we bought tickets. But we were curious and I am glad we went. It is quite a unique place and an interesting experience.  It is all immersive art.  It is kinda weird, for lack of better words, but in a fascinating way.  It is a clever lay out.  Good for adult and kids (about 8 and up).

Admission was very expensive, but truly enjoyed our visit.  Very unique displays and interesting art.  My kids (8 and 11) also enjoyed the visit.

Amazing interactive experience! Very unique. Lots of tight spaces and flashing lights. Reserve tickets ahead.

So much fun, interesting, unique and one of the coolest gift shops around! We went here for our anniversary celebration and it was a wonderful experience. We were entertained by the exhibit for hours. Don't miss out!

This was such a fun, interesting way to spend an afternoon. The rooms are all creative and trying to find the hidden entrances was a hit with the boys.

Actually visited May of 2021. It was mind bending it was crazy, and I loved every minute of it. It was awesome! It's definitely in my plans to visit again some time. 

Really good attraction, very different. Yes some of the ideas are quirky, may not be for everyone but they really have put a lot of thought into this. Not suitable for people with limited mobility but worth a visit.

This was seriously a waste of time. It is gimmicky and while it might be fun forLittle kids or people in “altered” states, for the regular art lover this is not where one shouldGo. It is expensive and I couldn’t wait to leave.

This was definitely a different kind of experience and fun for the entire family! I wish they had had a real cafe (since they don't let you leave and come back, not just snacks, but oh well. Both kids (11 & 14) had fun and hubby and I enjoyed it as well.

This was a totally immersive and varied experience, worth visiting at least once. Something quite different, but fun!

Took my 6yr and we easily spent 2hrs running thru the "house". It was basically a hidden door adventure land, with a psychedelic vibe! What do I mean? You have to walk thru the fridge to get to a spaceship multiverse!!Warning!! There are areas you'll have to crawl thru, squeeze thru (my ass couldn't fit thru some areas), there is a fog room, flashing lights!

Amazing, mind-bending dream world come to life! Absolutely would recommend! Best immersive art-story I have ever seen!

Very difficult to describe this to others.  A truly unique experience, unlike anything else we've done!

When they say you can't describe this place, they are correct.  Just go.  It's fun, it's different and they have a margarita topped with cotton candy.  A bite to offset the tang of a margarita...great idea!

As they say, if you get lost, you're doing it right.  Hidden passages,  interactive pictures, awesome lighting.  Wonderful experience,  would do it again.

A lot of fun to explore all of the different exhibits in this interactive art work.  You will be left in awe after going thru this experience.

The biggest achievement of Meow Wolf  may not be the eyeball-boggling attraction itself, but the fact its existence appears to provide income for a whole posse of local artists and artistic innovators.  Kudos to the entire co-operative. This is incredible fun for kids of all ages. We had an absolute blast. Very difficult to describe, experience it for yourself. We did take a couple of great photos, including a couple of the very best shots of our entire 4-week holiday.  If you have under-18s, this is more fun than Disney or Universal. At a far nicer scale.

A really extensive project with something for everyone. A really interesting mix of visuals lighting and music. You just have to see it to believe it. 

The best way I can describe this place  is that it is a cosmic interactive experience. Did the 9:20am slot witch was the second one of the day. Can get quite crowded. Went from room to room - each was very artistic, unique- even bizarre. Could touch buttons for sounds / sights but was hesitant due to Covid concerns. That said, hand sanitizer was offered throughout.  Opted for the 3d glasses but didn’t end up using them- too difficult to keep taking them off and putting them on. Got the optional tokens- used for the photo booth at the end - quality was not great. We spent 2 hours but I’m sure others can get immersed for hours.  No time limit is imposed on you. Enjoy!

This place is unbelievable. It was disorienting in the best possible way. The art styles were varied and highly detailed. I highly recommend checking out Meow Wolf!

I was bored after 30 mins and left. Perfect for children. I was expecting something more exciting. I would never go back.

They were looking for private investors when they started up. I'm glad I didn't invest. This is not a long lasting place. It's a fad that will be out of business in five to 10 years. I was bored. It was too crowded. My grandkids liked it OK but I just don't get the big deal about it. Maybe if I was on mushrooms it would have been better. It just isn't really that interactive. I'd never go back.

in the beginning looks very strange. but after that we got the idea and liked it. it's not only a museum.

We had a lot of fun wandering the rooms and spaces of Meow Wolf. It's so different than anything I've ever experienced and loved the visit!  I highly recommend going for anyone who is creative, playful, and curious. 

This was  NOT our thing. Very crowded, and really not that cool inside. Kind of junk art and seems over rated and over priced. This was the one dud in our Santa Fe experience.

Went to Meow Wolf. Got Covid. Real bad. No masks required. Hand gel all empty. Tiny, tiny rooms. Super spreader space. Vax up, mask up, boost up… or else~ Super duper sick, but beautiful exhibit.

It was kind of like a fun house you would see at a state fair.. on steroids. Lots of stuff to look at, about 7 staircases to find. 

Like many other reviews have said, MEOW WOLF is sort of hard to describe.  We decided it was sort of interactive art/recycled junk meets escape room/maze with psychedelic images, colors, shapes and lights. It's definitely a sensory overload! I thought it was a cool experience but would have enjoyed it a lot more if there hadn't been so many people there at the same time. We were there on a Saturday night (from out of town, so we didn't have a lot of options) and it was *packed* despite there presumably being a limit on the numbers of people who are allowed entry during a certain time frame. If you can go midweek during the day, it probably would be a lot more enjoyable. There are so many different things to see/experience in various parts of the exhibit, and the coolest part to me was the "harp-like" laser beams that you could "play" music on. It's not easy to find, so just keep poking around until you stumble upon it. It's one of the best parts IMHO.

Hard to describe, worth the time, money and effort. Loved it. Went with my 13 year old who loved it as well.

I love this it's pretty it's fun it has a story to that's fun to  Try and figure out. I highly recommend this attraction.

It is 100% accurate to say this is truly indescrible.  All I can say is it is something you need to experience for yourself.  Definitely worth the time.

It’s a different kind of experience. It’s a miniature of fairy tale living, space, sci-di, art, adventure, mystery and what not. We get that awe factor even if you have a little bit of child and machination left in you. Wish it was not as crowded when we went.

So much fun for our family. We were unsure what to expect but it was great fun. I wasnt expecting our teens to like it but they had a fun following the story. You feel like child crawling and climbing through all the structures.

What an incredible immersive art experience.  The colors. The crazy differences around each corner, doorway, through the fridge, in a closet.  I enjoyed myself immensely.

This is something you have to try at least once. It's quite the unique exhibit. That said, it definitely isn't for everyone and my kids didn't really enjoy certain elements of the exhibit. But everyone has to go at least once

We spent 3 hours in another dimension. :)  I would highly recommend doing this while in Santa Fe.  The "cafe" was a little disappointing, so BYOB.  Would definitely go back!

Just go.  It’s awesome.However, the cafe only offers limited snacks and drinks - so if you’re really wanting to explore (we spent 4+ hours), then you should eat something substantial immediately beforehand.  Re-entry is not allowed, which seems weird, especially if you’re so hungry you want to go to the food truck parked outside.  This interdimensional investigator suggests Meow Wolf at least allow a limited-time re-entry (like leave and return within 60 minutes) so people can go eat a taco.Also it seemed like by the end of our visit there were just too many people.  We began to feel unsafe (and annoyed) even though all guests wore masks.Also, the guy playing the Historian was great.

We had a great time at this museum.  There is so much to see and experience.  The creativity was mind boggling.

Incredible immersive art experience. Totally lives up to the hype. There’s a story, but it doesn’t matter if you follow it. Just go with it and enjoy!

so fun!  immerse yourself in the show!  The colors and designs are intriguing.  A definite, don't miss!

The exhibit is really fun, there is a lot to see and explore. The art and the rooms are quite unique which we loved.  We had fun doing this as a family however this is not cheap.

This is quite an experience. I expecially liked the room decorated with all recycled materials. Very unique art and each room or space had a different theme. A very cool experience. Kids will get a big kick out of most of the art as well. 

I didn't know what to expect since a friend of ours slightly underrated it but I came away totally amazed by what I experienced. You have to walk into this with an open mind and be willing to just wander around sometimes going the way you just came from, etc. The creativity levels and transitions from one thing to the next continued to impress throughout the entire visit for me. Your eyes, ears, touch are all engaged as are your physical flexibility (like when sliding down into the dryer) but it is never dull. I will hit the one in Las Vegas in a few months and certainly will be amazed there as well. Great job artists !!

We’re a couple in our 60s and LOVED Meow Wolf. So innovative and fun to explore. Very memorable. We stayed for 2 hours and could have stayed longer. Check out every door and  entrance..

Meow Wolf is a kitschy (in a good way) art experience where you are up-close and interact with 70+ "small rooms" with different themes. It's a spectacular visual and sensory experience.Expect loads of people from small kids to old folks milling about in this expanse of lower and upper floors. It's easy to get lost.A highlight for us was the spinning turntable to sit in...the blacklight underwater "forest" scenes, the actor/characters milling about, and of course the whole visual experience of delightful eye-opening perceptions. On the minus side: many adults and kids get distracted with their own experience and forget to be kind to the people around them. Then, there's a challenge to figure out a story by reading clues--which is an unessential distraction.This is a worthy experience especially if you like creativity!

This place is almost impossible to describe. It’s the only place I know of where eight-year-olds and 70-year-olds and everyone in between could have a thoroughly amazing time.   It’s like walking through multiple artists’ happy fantasy and trying to solve a mystery all at once. We fell through the Looking Glass and had a great three hours with our eight-year-old grandchild who was also enthralled. Go and enjoy.

Meow Wolf is like a half Chucky Cheese pizza arcade and half a Haunted House, quite noisy with sensory overload. I think they allow too many people in (especially in a Covid time) and agree with others' comment that it is way better when uncrowded. The outdoor sculptures were great as there was elbow room to interact with them. I do think the excess people deflected my attention preventing a better absorbing experience as one needs to avoid the kids underfoot and others moving around you. Basically, there are a series of interconnected rooms, most small, with visual, auditory, and even tactile experiences packed fairly snuggly together. doorways, entryways, and short halls connect these all up. It is dark. Designed to get people to explore, but I found that difficult given the guest numbers. There is no 'one way' to get thru (like Ikea) so people are entering and leaving your area from all directions. There are three or four large rooms that help keep one oriented, starting with the "house" when you enter.I liked many of the rooms, including the neon/3D (glasses available) rooms. Being tall, I got a better look over the crowds. Kinda' like the Mona Lisa, if you are shorter, you need to wait to get close to see it. Some rooms were better if you are short, however. There is an upstairs that isn't as crowded, but has less.My advice: warn the claustrophobic and sensory overload sensitive people, Book the first group of the day, hopefully getting you 20-30 minutes of normal museum spacing, go out-of-peak times of the year, go with a veteran and proceed kinda' backwards from the main group, and be ready to have patience. There is a Cafe there, you can take a break there before returning to the rooms, but you cannot leave the building and re-enter. Parking is tight, but there is street parking.

Went on Saturday (07/10/21) evening around 6pm.Looked a lot better on TV. It was SOOOO crowded, especially with kids running everywhere.They are only letting people in in large groups but once inside you can stay as long as you want, so I'm not sure why they do the "timed group entries".We went trough it in about 90 minutes.There were so many people you couldn't really stop and look at things. We always felt we were being moved along by the crowd.If you don't like confined places along with large crowds this is not your place.I don't think we'll ever go back.It's one of those attractions where if you've been once ...that's enough.There must be nothing else to do in Santa Fe after 6 because it seemed like everyone was here.Tickets are expensive ....even for locals.It's 40.00 per adult for out of State visitors and 25.00 for locals.I'm a local and I still didn't feel like I got 25.00 worth.Yes there are 70+ rooms "IF" they're counting spaces/closets behind curtains that can only hold 1 or 2 people at a time.Btw ...if you're a large person you're going to have troubles getting around.Thin walls to squeeze in between, very narrow staircases and spiral stairways will make your journey difficult.I'm not large but I saw quite a few who were and they were having problems.I wish it was more museum-like other than being a giant kids playground.

After about 30 minutes I was ready to leave.  Just didn’t get it.  Unfortunately had to wait another 2 hours for the rest of the group.  Btw,  rest of group really liked it

I expected to really love Meow Wolf because I love psychedelic art, escapism and weird experiences. But I did not love Meow Wolf. The art definitely had a cool factor, but I hoped to... I dunno... think a little more? Feel something? I think really good art challenges your worldview, and you walk away from it a slightly different person. This did not feel like that to me. It felt like burning-man-for-normies. Watered down, message stripped away, and overall felt like the bathroom of a punk house cleaned up and put on display for middle class white families to laugh at, but not be offended by. The only parts that made me feel anything at all were a dome that surrounded you with blinking eyeballs, and a room that was entirely illustrated/animated self portraits done by a black artist- and THAT was interesting and unique and made me question "but WHY is this unique?" and I thought about that for a good long while. More art like that, please! Plus, dear sweet Jesus, there were WAY too many people to enjoy most of the experience of actually being inside.

not the normal same old same old.  place to go to do something different. prism glasses they offer to sell at beginning don't do much for most of it but do a sort of 3d effect in a few places so maybe get them just to see.  at least a few for the group and share.

We had a great time! Lots to see and do in the exhibit.  Spent a great deal of time exploring and had a lot of fun.  Would like to visit the other locations now as well. Good family fun!

Nothing too special for the prize and hype. Wouldn’t go again if I would have known. Takes about 1 hour if you play with all the stuff in there

Neat place. Phone use for reading descriptions and solving the mystery did not work. Would love to have known more about what was going on in the house. 

Great place to roam and explore.  If you want to figure out what the story is all about, great.  If not, its fun to check out each of the rooms.  Open the doors, walk through the refrigerators, wear the 3D glasses and enjoy the sparkly lights.  We had a great time.

My husband and I loved our visit here. Our daughter told us to visit after she had a great experience. It is funky, thought-provoking, and simply down-right fun!

Unbridled creativity.  There us just too much to see and take in in only one visit, it gets a little tiresome after the fourth or fifth time!  An absolute MUST for visitors to Santa Fe and young people.

Such fun and creativity beyond...Take the trip through this realm.  A great experience for the entire family.

Wonderful experience, beatin hippy style, cool views, pretty trippy. Really enjoyed all the work put into all of the themes.

This place is worth every dollar. I have been twice and every time I go it feels like it’s my first time going. So much to see, very friendly environment. Highly recommend it. 

Great place to visit,  great family environment. Cool for your kids, who like to explore.  Great little experience

Very  entertaining. A lot to do inside. Many rooms and floors to explore. Plan on spending at least 2 hours here.

What a blast of a place! This was so much fun and so cool of a visual place. Definitely a child friendly place.

This wasn’t at all what I expected!  It far exceeded my expectations. While I’m sure kids have a great time here it’s equally fun for adults with all kinds of experiences and puzzles

Multiple artists got together to make an immersive, mind-bending series of rooms that are all strangely interconnected. Bonus if you can see an concert/performance in the space. 

Need at least 2 hours, lots more if you             can!  We did not have to arrive early, we were let in at our reserved time.

This is one of the most fun and interesting art museums I've ever toured in my life. It was a blast. It's so creative, I love the theme that ties it together, and its interactive quality makes it an experience like no other. This is a must see!

If you're into intergalactic, mindbending, whimsy art, this is the place to be. I can't think of a single similar experience like this... it was definitely a trip (no psychedelics needed!) 

Hands down a one of a kind experience. There is nothing else like this in the world. Fascinating and odd but a memory you will never forget. We have many more photos but don’t want to spoil it!

My girlfriend and I got tickets to see the Fungineers at Meow Wolf on November 30th.  This allowed us into the venue at 8 pm, which gave us 2 full hours to explore before the space became restricted.  Luckily she had been there before so she could easily find all the hidden nooks and crannies to explore. What an amazing art installation, I've never seen anything like it ... so creative and imaginative!  I would highly recommend anyone visiting Santa Fe to not miss an opportunity to explore this attraction.  Plan at least 2 hours for a quick tour through, more if you really want to get into the entire experience.

Meow wow!! Amazing experience!! We got ticket reservations on-line and that's best way to go. Very packed.

Hands on experience!  Buy tickets online, in advance, as you can't buy at the door if they are selling out.  Plan to spend at least 3 hours, if not more here, working your way through the facility.  Some mind boggling rooms and sculpture, plus the live entertainers.

Fabulous!  The site itself was amazing, crowd control excellent and noise level kept at a minimum, good snack bar, adequate gift shop, etc. So, basics were covered.The art itself was spectacular!  My advice is to pick out 10 - 12 pieces and really study them.  To try and see everything is too much.  The work that went into these remarkable pieces was definitely outside the box.  Take a skeleton of a dinosaur and make it glow in the dark then hang it from the ceiling and make every rib play a different note and give the visitors mallets to play their own music.  Walk into a refrigerator, no really!  Slide down a shoot in a clothes dryer (yes, really)!  Being a visual artist, i appreciate the work and mind bending creativity that went into this project.  It is worth seeing - every age will appreciate something different; not just for kids.

Really enjoyed our visit to this location.  It is very hard to describe.  I posted on Facebook that it is kind of like a drug trip without the drugs.  It could be considered an adult fun house but kids would enjoy it also.  It blew my mind all the work and artistic effort that went into this place.  Would recommend that you buy your tickets ahead of time.  They were sold out the day after Thanksgiving.  Quite an experience.  Would highly recommend you visit.

Meow Wolf is one of the most amazing places.  I don't care who you are or what you are into, I promise that you will love Meow Wolf.  It is truly hard to describe or explain it to you but it's basically an interactive multiverse art display/exhibit.  You could spend hours in here and still not see everything.  There are rooms upon rooms upon rooms.  You think you are at the end but more magical places keep appearing for you to explore.  The care and detail they put into each and every room is extraordinary.  Make sure you plan ahead and get your tickets ahead of time if you can.  If you try to just show up you might not be able to get in if they are sold out already.

We went back at night during the week and the place mostly to ourselves! Cider at the bar is good and a good price I live that you can check in in the am and leave for lunch and return later on to pick back up 

This was the most unusual place we have ever visited. It was room after room of very different motifs with interesting outcomes. You had to use your imagination to get the most out of this entertainment. It truly is very hard to explain and must be seem. You could spend an hour or much more as we did. No matter where you turned there was something to see or touch or hear. Don’t miss this in New Mexico near Santa Fe 

We didn't know what to expect and even after being there find the experience difficult to explain.  As a collaborative effort of a large number of artists, Meow Wolf is a surreal mix of creative genius.  There are rooms, tree houses, hidden staircases and (my favorite) a the refrigerator that you can step into go to another room.  Tips:  buy your ticket ahead of time online.  Entry is limited in 20 minute increments so, even with tickets, you will have to wait in line just a little bit.  Embedded into the experience is a mystery house with clues.  I probably didn't pay enough attention when the staff member was explaining and couldn't figure out where this feature started.  We were there for about an hour and a half but you could easily spend a few hours here (especially if you have children with you)

This is the type of place one either gets, or one doesn't. Not for the elderly, infirm, feint of heart or mobility impaired folks. Young at heart wins the day here. Secret passages, cool art (some interactive), weird kitschy decorations over every square inch seen by the naked eye, and characters in odd costumes wandering about all add to the uniqueness of the place. The smell of ganja was ever present (thanks to vape pens, I'm guessing), and that is the way to go if so inclined. There is a pricey gift shop and plenty of parking. I don't know that I'd ever go again, but I am glad i saw it.

What an attraction!  Congratulations to the team that created this transformation of a building into an inspiration creativity in free-form storytelling.  I would visit here again with every one of my friends.

We took my 6 year old son to Meow Wolf. Not only did my son think that it was the best experience of his life (which says a lot because he loves WDW and Six Flags), but it was one of the best experiences of my life as well! Meow Wolf is a whole different experience and 100% recommended to everyone who is curious about going! Go! You will love it!

We went on a Friday night, and were lucky to have purchased our tickets in advance, as they were sold out.This venue is difficult to explain, but it brought to mind both escape rooms and magic. We were older than most of the people attending, and I was touched when a young man showed me how to bring a tree-like object “to life”. If you find challenges, exploration, mystery, and art stimulating, this is for you.If you want to sit back and watch a show, it’s not.  You have to interact with it to have any fun.

There are really no words to describe this place.  Outrageous. Fun. Bizarre. Interactive. Nonsensical. Overwhelming.  Brilliant crazy minds must’ve created this. We spent several hours there.  Just go.  

*No spoilers* Purchase the 3D glasses for sure. The rooms are amazing. Tickets are only sold in advance via their website. 

I wanted to visit this place for a while. It’s fabulously quirky. While hard to describe if you want to stretch your imagination make a point to go. If you don’t then stay home.  But you’ll be sorry you did!

I saw some trailers for Meow Wolf before going, but still didn't quite understand. This place is great. I'm very type A, so I was concerned I wouldn't enjoy it, but we definitely did! It's so creative and inspiring. You could easily spend an entire day here, we were here for a couple of hours. There are Easter eggs all over, but we didn't have the knowledge or time to delve into them. Very neat!

If you are looking for something fun to do with a group, this place is it.  It is totally a blast to interact with the displays.  It is hard to describe what happened, but everyone is our party had a really good time. I suggest getting the glasses to enhance the lighting and some of the displays.

Make sure you look EVERYWHERE for secret tunnels that take you to so many creative spaces! TOUCH everything too - so many things to discover!

Wish I had granddaughters with us. It is a fun place to experience art. You can easily get lost & then find your way back again

We were visiting Santa Fe on our way back east from a 2 month camping trip. We’ve had lots of wonderful and enjoyable experiences but Meow Wolf made us feel like kids again. No drugs or alcohol necessary here for an otherworldly experience! Thanks for an amazing 2 hours that was totally fun and exciting.

A great place with haunted houses, oceans and space ships all connected with many secret passages. It's an amazing  co work of artists who created this mesmerizing exhibition of fun and wonder. 

An amazing immersive art installation.   You should never be too old for this type of child like imaginative experience.  Well worth you time and mkney.

What can I say... this place was like fun house meets Alice in Wonderland meets Stranger Things meets interactive contemporary art.  It was trippy, trippy in a good way.  Ticket prices were reasonable, particularly given we had access all day.  Plan on spending at least 1.5-2 hours here.  We had this super cool adventure working our way through the house/exhibit/rooms.  Walk through the refrigerator into a tunnel that leads to a different room or play the bones of a dinosaur.  There were so many layers to this experience.  There were performers at various spots throughout, some with some very unique garb.We loved it.  I mean seriously loved it.  Even going down to the bathroom was an experience and there is unique art all along the way.  The gift shop has some fun and unique items and they have a cafe as well that makes a mean cold brew.

We went here on the suggestion of a friend and it did not disappoint.  Different and interesting, bring an open mind.  Cool gift shop at the end as well.

Really neat experience. Our kids had a great time. Not as big as say the City Museum in St. Louis but still a great art experience. 

I loved this. We didn’t even do the puzzle and it took up about 3 hours of our life that I don’t want to get back. It was wonderful. I’m definitely going back again! 

What a unique place. I loved it, but I like fantasy aspects a lot, so that made it even more fun. If you don't like fantasy, whimsical experiences, might not be for you. Highly recommended.

I brought my 14 year old here, and she could have spent literal days exploring every nook and cranny. The interactive nature of this place in addition to all the trippy details made for a super fun afternoon. This place can't even really be explained, just be prepared to have all of your senses be engaged.

My four daughters, ages 7 - 15, all had a blast at this place.  To help us stay together, we took turns leading the way.  They followed their curiosity.  It was so exciting to see them so curious and surprised at every turn.

Must get tickets online.  Midday is busy, but they stagger the entry to keep from glutting the area with too many people.  You can wait at the nice picnic tables outside or stand in the divided lines according to purchased entry time.  Not handicapped accessible, nor are strollers allowed.  Babies and/or small children must be carried.  Make sure you can keep tabs on your little ones-they can easily get lost in the maze of rooms to visit.Basically, you go from room to room in an artistically eclectic, unusual, freakish multidisciplinary “art” museum, ie, a house.  There are secret passageways everywhere, with unexpected twists and turns.  Each person who tries to figure out the story behind the “House of Eternal Return” could come up with a different, plausible explanation.  The business usually recommends two hours for a visit,  but we saw everything (we think) in an hour fifteen minutes.  Different, awesome experience for all ages!  I would go there again again and again!

This place is eclectic, well it is art.  Super busy, to the point that it becomes difficult to follow the story, or figure things out because you need to wait for another person to finish reading, or browsing books, albums, etc.  It is hard to believe that all the rooms interconnect, but I try to view this as many individual perspectives of “the story”.  Parking is challenging, even with the extra time they request you provide yourself.  They didn’t let us in on time, and the $1 up charge for 3D glasses? Spoiler— we don’t think you need the glasses.  We are glad we went, but were exhausted after 2 hours of navigation and trying to discover story line elements.   I would not bring a small child or even a kindergartener (I would think I would have worried I’d lose my kids rather than look at the art and try to discover “the story”). 

Meow Wolf is a must-see if visiting the Santa Fe area. Make sure to leave yourself plenty of time there - so many nooks and crannies to get lost in. And don't miss the bar with it's cotton candy cocktails. Truly another world.

I don't know how to describe this place other than to say that it is exactly what I always wished a fun house would be. It's bigger than it seems, with so many twists and turns and nooks and crannies to explore. The art is fun and doesn't take itself too seriously - it's hard to keep from smiling during your visit. I will say that for older people or individuals who may be claustrophobic or sensitive to lights or busy patterns - this may not be a great place to visit. It's best for people who have no expectations and who are open to anything - and who don't care about trying to stick close to their group (it's much more fun to just wander and get lost!). It can be a bit of a pain if it gets crowded, and I wish we'd gone earlier or later in the day to avoid the school groups, but it's still a fun visit and very different from anything else you'll do in Santa Fe. We only stayed for a little over an hour but I could definitely see staying longer if it were less crowded.

We were in Santa Fe for a Lacrosse tournament so had a lot of kids and members of our community there. They say don't let your kids run around. I think the point is that they miss what each room has to offer. Some rooms are musical. Some rooms require movement to bring them to life and some have games. My favorite part were the actors and actresses. They made a cool experience more personal. 

Bizarre place, but fun. Don't get separated from your friends or you'll never find them unless you call them on your phone.

As others have said, this place is hard to describe. A combination of puzzle solving, art installation, fun house, and play house, it is very interactive but not in any sense of the words a traditional tourist attraction. Definitely buy tickets ahead online, leave the stroller and infants at home, but otherwise for all ages. It does not appeal to all (I loved it, my husband was ok tho not enthused), but nearly everyone should find some element they enjoy while others will totally immerse themselves for hours. I do think that the 3D glasses should be included in the price, and that the number of timed tickets sold during busy seasons/times should be more limited. We waited twenty minutes in line  past our time, which was not fun on a very warm day in the sun!

We really enjoyed whole experience! Now is it for everyone? Not so much. We  explored every detail amazed how things worked how attention to details was applied to materials and textures! Then you have colors and lights! The visions that those artists had is mind boggling!I would love to see it again because I’m sure I missed lot of things first time around. 

I can’t even describe the experience. Sensory overload mixed with solving a mystery. Each room you dive deeper into the magic. I recommend spending 2-4 hours here to fully see everything. If you are attempting to solve the mystery you will need more time. A wild ride!

Meow Wolf is a must if you’re in Santa Fe!! I can’t say enough good things about this experience. But first off, please book your tickets online before hand. I got my tickets for the 10am slot a few weeks before and we arrived at about 9:45am and they let us right in. You have to show your ticket and they let people in according to time slots. I believe you can walk up and purchase a ticket but when we left we saw a huge line outside so I recommend getting tickets beforehand for the earliest time. Only negative thing was the masses of people. This may be due to the fact that we went during the week of the balloon fiesta so I’m sure lots of people (including us) were in the area because of that. The first hour the crowd was decent but after that it was packed. Regardless of the crowds my husband and I had an unforgettable time. If you take time to read and watch the videos you will begin to gather some of the clues to the story they are trying to tell. I’ll be honest, I didn’t get it all but it was still fun trying to figure out what was going on with the Selig family and where in the multiverse is Lex??? Each room is so detailed with clues laying around and secret entry ways waiting to be discovered. A refrigerator door or a washing machine might lead you to a different world while a journal will give you access to the thoughts and mind of one of its characters.  There’s so much to see and do that you need at least two hours to take it all in. The artists who put this together are truly talented and if they haven’t already, they definitely deserve an award for this masterpiece! 

What an amazing place, All kinds of art medium, secret passages, interactive, fun for all ages.You could spend all day there. 

Didn't know what to expect, but it was a really good time. We used 2 hours which are okay in there.$108 is also a kind of money for a family of four. Thy ask if you want to buy 3D glasses. Save the money... The effect is little. 

This place is amazing.  Spent hours experiencing the exhibits, following the clues, and discovering the thread of a plot that connects everything.  Even the gift shop was nicely created to blend into the theme.  I am over 65 and tumbling into the dryer, crawling through the fireplace, and sliding out of the refrigerator were great fun.

It's difficult to describe Meow Wolf other than to say it can be experienced on many levels.  There is a mystery to solve as you move through, which apparently many folks don't know.  It adds to the experience, but you don't have to do it if that's not your thing.  We noticed so many folks missing really fantastic rooms because they glanced in and didn't take the time to experience what was there.  Touch everything! Don't miss the musical effects.  Try every door or "opening".  There were families there but I think young adults on up "get it".  Fantastic!

Meow Wolf is an unbelievable and hard hitting to the senses and due to its popularity, it is easy to overlook  any of the displays. There are some days that a second adults only visitation is offered after 8 pm. We discovered entire spaces we missed!

It's hard to describe it other than as an interactive art experience. It really is fun for all ages - my 3.5 year old had a GREAT time running around and exploring all of the different aspects. But I also saw groups of adults who seemed to be solving much more intense and elaborate puzzles hidden throughout that we definitely missed by being more at a surface level necessitated by monitoring a very excited pre-schooler. :) We were there about 6 weeks ago, and she still talks about it though! Lots of fun! Wish they had one in Washington DC!

This was such an imaginative & fun space. We did not try to “solve the mystery” but just enjoyed walking through all the rooms.

I cannot even begin to explain how awesome this experience is!  All I can say is that traditional art galleries will be boring to me from now on.  This is an artistic experience and fun house for adults, but kids can enjoy it too.  Plan to spend several hours here.  It takes time to explore all the various rooms and artwork, to search all the nooks and crannies.  We did not have enough time on our visit to try solving the "puzzle".  We just enjoyed the experience in each room for what it was.  You must open all your senses to enjoy this place because you can climb and touch and hear and see everything.  If you have any mobility issues, you may not be able to enjoy everything.  But a large part of the exhibit is accessible.  Go with an open mind and enjoy!

This is one of my favorite places and I am so excited that they are going to build one near me. It is definitely an awsome experience. If you're close, I definitely recommend going there. 

This place was really cool, every time we thought we had seen it all, we would find another room! Gift shop is fun, and drink cafe had tasty drinks. Would definitely recommend.

My husband and I enjoyed this more than our teens did.  I think there is some kind of story you can follow but that was way above us!  Fun time exploring the areas.  Tons of neat stuff to look at.  Only downer were the parking lot and the crowded space.

This venue involves having an open mind. It is very imaginative and colorful and lends itself to exploration. Great for photographers, kids and artists.

Stopped by on a recent trip to Santa Fe. We LOVED it - so strange and wonderful! Allow for lots of time to explore, especially if you want to dive into the story/mystery  that is woven into the experience.

It’s hard to even describe this attraction. We were a group of 4 friends who are senior citizens and we LOVED it. We were there for 2 1/2 hours, but you could spend an entire day here. There is a story, something like a mystery in which you have to pay attention to cues. We sort of figured it out, but not entirely. Even if you don’t bother with that and just explore all the different experiences, you will be surprised,enchanted and involved. It’s just totally unique. 

This was a very cool place Hard to explain but a great interactive experience. We spent about 2 hours here but you could spend even more if you had the time Would recommend this for family and friends 

i am a middle-aged woman and i felt like a kid in there.  It is just genius.  You can learn, touch and see almost everything.  You go through a refirgerator to another area of this crazy crazy place, just to find more crazy stuff.  So much for for everyone.

Many spaces/rooms with far out designs and features.  Reserve an arrival time at opening or shortly after.  When the crowds arrive it is not as fun and interesting.

My husband and I loved this place! It was almost like being in a dream with all the interactive art work. Look for hidden doors around every corner & get lost in the experience. Be sure to pay the extra buck for color enhancing glasses. Amazing place!!

Can't really describe it. There are "art" works of various descriptions installed in a house inside the building. Behind every corner and in every closet there are things to see. Spend some time and open - or try to open - everything cause you'll never know what's there unless you try.

An walk through an interactive art exhibit. My husband is 6'8" and we have twin toddlers, some of the spaces were definitely a squeeze to get through but it was more than worth it. It's like traveling into another dimension, there are so many things to look for and a story to try to follow if you're not chasing after 3 kids. Definitely a MUST DO!

Very neat place! Fun for all ages. Make sure you have lots of time to look around and adventure the entire place. If it looks like it hides a message or secret passage way, it probably does! If you have a day to kill check it out!

Such a cool experience! All ages were there and enjoying the museum. Good, clean fun!! Would definitely recommend. 

Most of the reviews say "cant describe it, just go". that's pretty accurate. It's like stepping into an art exhibit. Pretty soon you become more aware of your environment, wanting to touch and explore everything because you dont know what will open another passageway or play music or... Then you remember how to just play. Highly recommended. Pay the extra $1 for the 3d glasses. They have some special events like adult night (kids leave then they serve alcohol), and concerts. There is a mystery to solve but i quickly got distracted by just being there and it didn't matter.

Looking for a fun place for family and kids great place on a rainy or hot day.  It is expensive $30 per person .

We had read about Meow Wolf and still didn't know what to expect.  Now we know why.  It's unique for everybody.  We found ourselves doing things we never thought we'd have done.  What an enjoyable 2 hours spent.  It's artistic but also an interactive fun house.

Very interesting and avant-garde. Where else will you be able to crawl through a refrigerator and end up in an day-glo forest?  I thought it was interesting and worth seeing, but some of the Warhol-esque art is lost on me. Don’t get me wrong, crawling through Timothy Leary’s dreamscape is cool but may not be for everyone. 

Wow this is a world of its own. The artistic experience and maze of rooms is indescribable. This is 5,000 square feet of adventure. It requires climbing stairs, walking through a refrigerator, fireplace and many sites.  As a parent I think a child needs to be 5 or 6 years old. I’d be afraid he/she may wander off if younger. This is definitely an Alice in Wonderland experience.

Wish we could have stayed here FOREVER! I cannot tell you how amazing this place is. Only wish that they could limit the age. Having kids running around and not appreciating the space was a little frustrating.

Went to Meow Wolf with great expectations.  Staff was helpful, place was clean. Very interesting but very crowded and for an adult crowd as we were 21-80 y/o in our party, it was a one and done experience. We were there 2 hours which was an hour too long. The highlight was the laser harp. Again, if you have kids 8-14 great but hold on to them because this is kind of a crazy place with lots of places to get lost

I had heard of Meow Wolf for a few years but never been. They all changed this past week and I’m so glad I went. Amazing sights and sounds. Lots to see and do even though it was busy it never seemed crowded. Make sure you open every door and the occasional book shelf. I took the time to listen to the AV equipment they was scattered about the house and the backyard and I highly recommend this. This is a must do and less than an hour drive from Albuquerque 

There's a mystery and clues throughout meow wolf that keep it interesting. The instillation art is cool too, but the overall arching narrative is deeper.... the dichotomy of order and chaos.

I had the opportunity to visit Meow Wolf in Santa Fe with my son, his wife and children ages 4 and 6. It was an incredible experience that has to be seen to be truly understood. It’s rather like visiting Alice’s Wonderland. All of us enjoyed this experience so it is truly for all ages. Allow a minimum of 2 hours and if you have more time- even better!

Anyone coming to Santa Fe MUST go to Meow Wolf!  It’s impossible to describe it.  Imagine crawling through a fireplace and entering a neon room that is an underwater world.  Imagine playing music on the ribs of a dinosaur.   The colors, the sounds, the experiences are beyond describing. Just go—don’t miss it!!!

We went without tickets and discovered we needed to buy online as the queue was huge. So we bought online and came back 2 hours later and still had to wait in a queue 30 minutes past our entry time. We found it to be a bit disjointed but then we were not trying to solve the puzzle so that might have made more sense. Probably aimed at the younger set, crawling around the floor at retirement age can be a bit tricky. Visual and aural displays were fun, lots of neon bright colours and we loved the black and white kitchen. Would have liked a room plan to follow but you just have to keep exploring. There was an acrobat performing and actors also moved among the crowd. The whole thing reminds me of a 60's 'spontaneous happening' but having said that it was worth a visit and the kids will love it.

I love any place where I can just be a kid again and explore and play. I've been here twice over the last year and both times I had a blast. I will admit my first time here  blew my mind and I spent several hours looking, touching, playing, and discovering new rooms. I really thought the arcade was a brilliant idea and I stayed there for a while playing video games for free! Then this time around the arcade looked different and they were charging - womp womp. This is place is great for the price and that you have so much to look at and experience. It's a great place to go alone, on a date, with the family and that's one of the draws for me is that it's meant to be experienced by everyone.

Many friends recommended this place as a must see when I visited Santa Fe. I was looking forward to it, and I love supporting local artists. I realize that having 100 artists come up with a common goal and idea is probably impossible, but this experience could have used some continuity and work on the overall vision/mission. The Pros: Definitely visually cool, fun to explore - especially with friends (would not be fun as a solo visitor)The Cons: Seems like many spaces were underutilized and pointless; there was some sort of puzzles or mysteries to solve, but it was unclear what, and once things were found, they just led to more confusing stuff, so it felt like a waste of time; things were disjointed between the story of the family and weird mystery and some of the other more strange not-related spaces of the 'house'.

You can read all about it elsewhere, I won't spoil it for you. You have to experience it for yourself. Weirdly charming and disturbing at the same time. And oh, I found where Dr Brown hid the flux capacitor. 

Be prepared to spend several hours! I mistakenly thought that once we left (to use the restroom or get a snack) we couldn't go back in the entertainment area, but I was wrong! You can leave and re-enter. I left after 3 hours, but the rest of my family stayed another hour. We all loved it (family of 4: parents and kids ages 12 & 17)!! Its an immersive, mesmerizing experience. Just wonderful fun!

Went with another adult and a 13 year old.  It was an amazing experience. I love art and you get your fill here.  So much to see and experience.  Try to research ahead of time to understand the story behind such an amazing place, it will help with the enjoyment of the experience.  Come and go or stay as long as you like.  Nooks and crannies to sit and have conversations out of the main area.  You will be glad you checked this out.

This is very interesting.  I wish I knew more about what is behind this.  We ran into a little boy who was so excited to tell us the answers to some of the puzzles.  I think with a better understanding of what one is looking for and why this would be a much more exciting adventure.  A lot of work and thought went into this.  It can be very busy which is a bit of a drag.  

Yes, this place is...quirky. It's a mix of somewhat sci-fi interactive scavenger hunt and visual arts experience. We saw quite the diverse mix of people and all age groups. Some were more intense than others were in trying to "solve" the story and other people were more focused on the experience and sights and activities. It's all up to interpretation. We both enjoyed ourselves in totally different ways. It would have been nice if at the end they asked a thought provoking question or had a mini debrief to let people discuss and bring some sort of closure to the experience. We'll defenilty be trying out the experience at their upcoming new locations.

Meow WHAT?!  This place was recommended to several individuals in my group whenever anyone heard we would be in Santa Fe.  We decided to give it a go & found that we each had our own unique experiences.  Some loved the art, some loved the crazy back drop for fun photos, & some loved the spooky mystery to solve (what DID happen to the people in the house?!).  Our group ranged in age from 39-72 & we all left feeling inspired by the mere ability for minds to conceive of a place like this.  We were there 2 hours which was just the right amount of time for most in our group, while a few would have liked longer (especially those interested in solving the mystery & cracking the codes scattered around the experience).  Definitely unique, definitely worth exploring!!

It’s a great way to get your kiddos into art and thinking outside the box.  Not so great if you can’t deal with 3D or holographic stuff.. gotta make sure you buy tickets in advance tho because it sells out...

Very visually stimulating and like nothing else I have ever seen. Yes here has been a lot of creativity put into Meow Wolfe. The only problem is the amount of people allowed to be inside at once. It was miserably overcrowded. Definitely something to experience once. Supposedly there is a mystery to solve but with the amount of people and kids running rampant it is nearly impossible to work on solving a mystery.

Meow Wolf is definitely an experience, however it probably is geared more to Millennials than senior citizens or young kids.There is a mystery to solve and clues are scattered around, but it’s impractical to read all of it. There is total randomness is how you explore this large facility and frankly I felt it was a bit disjointed without any cohesion. It was put together by artists as an interactive museum. Interactive yes, museum not so much.I went there because it was put together with the help and sponsorship of RR Martin who wrote the books Fire and Ice from which Game of Thrones was made which I loved. You definitely need to be open to weird, Sci-fi and fantasy to even consider going there. I’m glad I tried It and had the experience on my vacation to Santa Fe, but I would only recommend it to certain people. 

This is great time. We were just like the kids crawling through the fire place and down the washer machine. This place is a lot of fun.

Lots of cool things to see and explore.  I didn't quite get the "story" you're supposed to try and solve, but it was so crowded the day we were there.  My 10-year-old niece loved it, though, so that's all that mattered.

What cannot be said? As a musican, and lighting/projection professional this place was an inspiration. I spent nearly 3 hours there and definitely got my money's worth. I barely got into the actual story line of the house, but plan to when I return with my children next year.Bonus: The sell local artists products in the gift shop!

Get the full story at the check in desk to keep from being totally lost in this art adventure. Check in and buy tickets on line since they sell out in advance. You could spend 1-2 hours here taking in so many details and I believe you’d see something new each time you visit. 

I can honestly say that this is the weirdest thing our family has ever done!  Even though we didn't really take the time to follow the story of the family in the house, my kids enjoyed exploring the interactive art displays, crawling though various tunnels and passages to go from one room to the next.  Meow Wolf is definitely a one of a kind experience, with a very wacky fun house, Alice in Wonderland feel to it.

We planned our entire SW trip around going to Santa Fe and the original Meow Wolf. We were NOT disappointed. We spent 3hrs here and didn't download the app or participate in the other layers of the experience. We just wandered, explored, and enjoyed. I love that there are no artist titles or hashtags in your face. It was an authentic and curious experience.  HIGHLY recommend. 

If I hadn’t seen such a lifetime of fantastic, interactive art experiences, I might think this place is remarkable. Unfortunately, it looks like a bunch of undergrad art majors got a million dollars to spend at Goodwill and the hardware store. Needs a lot more craftsmanship and quality. 

Meow Wolf is the most creative museum I have ever been too! I've been to more museums I can count from large (MOMA) to small and I have never had more fun. EVERYONE, including the teenagers, loved it. I cannot stress how ingenious it is. It's hard to explain but it's like an art/maze/interactive story. We spent 3 hours exploring and we were never bored. The only downside is it was hard for my elderly mother to get around certain areas. She choose to sit in a comfortable chair in the exhibits living room and enjoyed listening to the actors that walked around engaging patrons. If you're in Santa Fe you MUST visit Meow Wolf but get your tickets ahead of time! It does sell out. 

We spent the entire afternoon at this attraction.  How does one describe it?  Interactive, Alluring.  Immersive.  I do not know the number of rooms in the attraction, but we explored every one of them.  It was fantastic.  We thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Well worth doing.

Fun interactive art experience. Great for all ages especially children!  Good idea to make reservation ahead for a specific time.

A mash up of an escape room, a sensory experience and modern art, this can be enjoyed on many levels. Our teens just enjoyed experiencing the interactive exhibits and exploring the many hidden rooms. We started to get into the storyline, which eventually led to them getting bored.My only advice would be to do a tiny amount of research first, to prevent initial disorientation and a sense of “what is going on”?You could spend anything between a few hours and a day, if you seriously get into the story.

Let me start by saying we all (my mother, my son, and I) had a fabulous time exploring Meow Wolf. That said, it must have taken a truckload of drugs to design this place. Lewis Carroll had nothing on these people. The exhibits were an explosion of sensory information. There were colors and sounds, things to touch and investigate. The strange, unexpected, and the just plain weird lurked around every corner. We spent hours, but I’m sure you could spend days. We got lost and found a number of times. I’m sure we missed whole rooms. There was a mystery game built into the exhibit that guest could participate in, but it isn’t necessary to enjoy your time there. Mom advice, wear comfortable shoes.

A lot of randome items glued to the wall.   This would be great for children (but for children who can read, the content is often offensive) and some of it is clever.   But for the most part it is uninspiring, very overpriced, crowded and feels like a psychedelic basement fun house.  I wish I had just gone to an art gallery and saved my 29 bucks.

Such an amazing experience. You enter one way like the chimney and end up in a room all white. At one point we didn’t even know where we were. But the light and different room were cool. We enjoyed it very much and we are in our 40’s. Such a great experience 

Crazy art installation and experience.  Wonderful for kids!  Or for grownups looking for unique art approaches

The experience once inside is neat but buy your tickets online and expect to wait. The website suggests that there are two lines, for for standby and the other “pink line” if you purchase online in advance and schedule a visit arrival time. The reality is that no such standby line exists. Buy your tickets online and expect to wait 30-60 minutes for admission. Didn’t buy tickets online? Expect to be informed by a seemingly flabbergasted employee that you needed to and can buy them from your phone but not for at least the following hour and that you might not be able to get in.

Creative and unpredictable, perfect for anyone who's stymied in their creative life or just needs to feed their Instagram habit. "Nonlinear" "experiential", many adjectives apply. Addresses many unanswerable questions notably, 'What is art?' Multiple generations of our family attended - reactions varied, but if you take your kids they'll never forget it. Inventive cocktails (plus absinthe) at the bar on premises available afterward if you are just too confused by it all.

This was fun. There is a lot of creativity at work here, and we loved exploring through all the secret passageways. I recommend purchasing tickets ahead of time and lining up (on the pink side) for that time. There is also a standby line you can wait it, but early in the day you may wait a long time. We went at 6pm and it wasn’t as crazy.

Visited Meow Wolf with my boyfriend, and was completely amazed by all that there is to see. It was well worth the money. We spent about two hours exploring, laughing and searching for hidden rooms. You need to stop in and see it for yourself- photos don’t do it justice.

This place is amazing, from the customer service when we booked the tickets all the way through this building. This facility has put so much into this that it’s almost impossible to prepare you.Room after room will amaze you with the crazy decor, the secret hideaways and all the other details that are just mind blowing. In addition to being able to crawl into an washing machine there are characters waking around who make you feel as though you have entered their world.  It wasn’t until we had already started through that we discovered that there are clues through the facility to help you put together a puzzle on who the family was that use to live in this pretend house, kind of like an escape room with locks and codes. There’s nothing scary so bring kids of all ages.

A got to see if you are in Santa fe never-ending fun for the whole family .the price was not bad for all you get to see and do my boys are teens and enjoyed it alot ! Dont get the glasses the dint do much ! It was worth the wait and the crowd .

Love this place. Welcome Home. We’re told at a very young age not to touch art. This is all hands on and interactive. It had a burning man vibe, without the costume changes, dust and howling at the sunset. (2000 to 2010 participant - BM is now a main stream and mass media norm. Meow Wolf provides a BM sub-cultural experience.) Go early with children and buy your ticket ahead of time. 

This was a stop on our road trip and I wish we had planned to spend more time. We had a great experience. If you don’t mind spending an extra $5, download the Anomaly Tracker app for some bonuses. You can connect to WiFi. There is lots to do and some tight spaces but there’s more than one way into and out of places, I didn’t do any crawling but felt like I saw everything and had fun. 

This is an incredibly fun place to go. I did not go with teens, but there was no other category to say went with my brother and sisters. This is my third time there, and I never get tired of visiting.

We weren’t sure about this place but started having fun the moment we walked in! So much to see & do- a great way to spend a couple of hours. It is expensive tho 

Be ready to explore the nooks and crannies of this crazy space. We especially loved the many shifts in environments. The later evening hours are better, since it is less crowded and noisy. They try to balance the entrance numbers, but you can stay as long as you wish.

Our family of 4 (Mom, dad, 17yo, 15yo) spent 4 hours in this trippy, cool, super interesting and fun place.  Kids wanted to stay even longer, but we had to hit the road to our next city.  We had a blast.  They’ve packed in SO much into this old bowling ally.  And there are so many different styles of things to look at, do, touch, watch, explore.  Looks like they’ve given 200 talented artists their own space and told them to do whatever they wanted.  So many clever things.  Really hard to explain it.  You just need to go & explore.  Allow yourself a good 1/2 day.

My Meow Wolf group ranged in age from 6 to 69 and we all enjoyed the experience. If you plan to go, purchase your tickets online before you get there. We did not realize that during the summer, the facility has timed entries. We had to purchase tickets online while we were there for an hour later than we had anticipated. Luckily, there is a Wendy's right near Meow Wolf and we went for frosties while we waited for our entry time.It is difficult to explain the Meow Wolf experience but how often do you walk through a refrigerator or climb through a fireplace to get into the next room.Having been built and conceived by artists, the experience is very visual -- colored lights, paintings, and much more.

Went with daughter and grandchildren.  It was recommended by family who live in Santa Fe.  The kids loved it.  I found it very imaginative. We only spent an hour there because we had someplace to be and with the scheduled admission times we thought you only stayed an hour.  We later found out you could stay as long as you liked.  We ate ate the food trucks outside food is very good and fairly priced drinks, soft,  are expensive. 

It earns it's reputation as weird and wonderful.  Don't miss it.  Buy your tickets in advance though.  I've been twice and loved taking my kids, who are 13 and 16.  They thought it was th highlight of our Santa Fe trip

This place is hard to describe - theater meets art installation meets mystery dinner (without dinner) meets science fiction. It was a fun (if rather pricey) way to spend several hours. I know a lot of people are intent on learning more about it and trying to solve the mystery, but to me it was a one-visit wonder. Glad we went, but I don't see a reason to do it again. I noticed a number of younger kids there, but I honestly think it could be pretty scary for that crowd. Go online no later than a day before to get a reservation and timed entry. That said, we went on a Sunday evening without a reservation, and walked right in; there was no line. Also, don't forget your hand sanitizer: everything has been touched and/or held and/or squeezed through and/or sat on!

This venue wasn’t worth our time or money when there were so many awesome hiking trails and other things to explore in Q while husband was on business. The drive there was awesome desert vistas and that is what I enjoyed most. This museum had some interesting things but felt mostly like some strange fun house by someone with tripped out on something. Parts of it were creepy..parts ingenious..but overall not worth our time or money. 

BEST ADVICE - BUY YOUR TICKET IN ADVANCE!! If you don't and you go during peak times you will not only wait in a line to buy tickets but likely get pushed back to the next showing and they will tell you to buy tickets online AFTER you already waited in line! The customer service here is a joke, especially the dark haired girl with glasses that was out front yelling at everyone and treating everyone like crap. Luckily everyone else inside the place was much more friendly and helpful!This is a very unique weird non-explainable place. It seems a lot of adults go here while they are high and just hang out in different rooms throughout the place. If you visit the gift shop and want to buy a souvenir be ready to spend outrageous prices for their items! I don't think we will ever be returning, once was enough.

I had no idea what to expect, although my 12 year old grandson had advance input from one of his buddies and was a good guide. What I found was very interesting. The majority of the people I observed seemed to be in a Disney like amusement while the few worked to grasp the deeper meaning of the exhibits. The creators of Meow Wolf have a message to share but it takes focus to "get it". Ultimately it is a deep commentary on the state of our society. Well worth the time

I had a lot of friends recommend coming to meow wolf for the longest time. If I had a choice I would’ve gone on a weekday however because it was packed! We bought tickets to an 11 entry and had to stand in line. (Which I knew before hand and we went on a Saturday during Summer.) The exhibit was very cool but hard on the knees and body because some things you have to crawl and climb your way through. Wish I got to understand more of the story behind the exhibit but again it was so packed it was hard to navigate through. I would not go back again but would recommend it at least once.

Was very much looking forward to this and it was great. Was a bit of a wait to get in but that was somewhat expected. My only  complaint is that it was really crowded inside. So a lot of the stuff was spoiled by watching other people do it. Kids everywhere.... Regardless, this was super cool. I definitely recommend to anyone. 

The Petunia said, "take the kid to Meow Wolf, it'll be fun." I said, "WTH is a Meow Wolf???" So she took us both.What a crazy place! There is so much to see and do in this one building, I need to make another couple of trips to try to take it all in. It was really fun getting lost because there is just so much to see and do and something different around every corner. There are some tight places to squeeze into, but well worth the effort to see the different exhibits. I hear they are opening one in Vegas...I can't wait to walk through this place high.There isn't much in the way of details that I want to say here because you have to experience this yourself, but if you're on the fence about going, hop off and get your tush over there - it's worth the time and money!I finally got bored with it after several hours of exploring...and then I found the bar. Being a fan of Blue Moon, I ordered the local copy and was blown away by all of the flavor. I don't drink Blue Moon anymore. And then we ate at Tortilla Flats, which is a whole other story, but the place is also not to be missed.So, yeah, there is something for everyone here, even dads.

My kids 9 and 12 enjoyed very much ... the cafeteria had some really good selection of beverages and food... but a little crowded that didn’t seem to bother the kids at all ... it’s a must see 

This was Fantastic!!! If you have ever been to the children's museum in St Louis  this is similar in a way. You go into a house and it is a maze of incredible rooms, secret passages, hidden doorways, and fantastic visual and audio experiences.  We are in our late 60s and had the best time in ages. Our grandchildren would love it, but so did we.  You need to be able to climb through some small passageways, and there was both live entertainment and a sensory extravaganza.  What a fabulous place to take visitors.  We would go again in a minute!!

An extraordinarily creative, immersive experience. Mind blowing with a kaleidoscope of scenes and colors. 

We decided on the spur of the moment to visit Meow Wolf after receiving a text from a friend saying we should check it out. We bought our timed entry tickets online just to be safe. Even with timed entry you might have a short wait to get in the building. This is due to checking in and getting your entry wrist band. Our first thought on how to explain the experience is to think of the City Museum in St. Louis taken to another level with less crawling! This creative entertainment experience keeps you visually occupied and curious about what you will get to explore next the whole time you are there. There is an underlying story board theme that has allowed the artists who have contributed to the rooms to go in all directions. However, it did seem a lot of people were missing the "end" room that explained what was happening and wrapped up the story theme. Hint: It is a chair at a desk, take a seat. We were traveling with a teenager and all three of us enjoyed the experience. It is self guided and we were there a couple of hours. It is someplace you can return to and see new things as we found things we had missed even returning to rooms a second time. The price was reasonable and we would go again!

Our daughter had read of Meow Wolf and recommended we try it out while in Santa Fe.  They sell advance tickets on their web site and I highly recommend buying in adance especially on holidays and weekends.  The tickets are timed and we had purchased a 2pm entrance.  This does not mean you will enter at 2pm it means the group that holds 2pm tickets will start entering at 2pm.  We arrived at 145pm and the line was already very long.  I thought maybe some of the people were there for later times but no, everyone was holding a 2pm ticket.  They stated admiting our group at 2pm and we entered about 225pm.  The area for the line is not covered so be prepared for sun, rain, or cold as the case may be.  The walk ups without tickets are admitted as space is avaialbe but I heard it announced more than once that those without advance tickets might not get in regardless of the wait time.  Once inside it is a combination of a maze, amusement park, and art gallery.  All ages were having a great time.  We spent about an hour and a half and really enjoyed our selves.  There is a food/beverage area and a small Meow Wolf store as you exit.  Parking is limited too and we had to part on the street about 2 blocks away.  I recommend this activity.  They are building Meow Wolf in Las Vegas and Denver. 

I wish I'd been able to take my adolescent (now adult) son to this - he would have been in heaven. As it is, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed it but not aa much as the kids.  My favorite line overheard: "Mom, we've got to finish exploring this dimension first." Did we get it? Probably not but that was ok. I've never seen anything like it. (We arrived at 10 am when it opened, without tickets, the first day and the line was long so booked online for the next day)

Didn’t enjoy it enough for the cost.  It was a maze of different crazy rooms.  A few were cool but the majority was just chaotic. 

Interesting place with hands on areas to explore. I found it a bit tedious but all the children and teens seemed to love it. We did not take an audio tour an I suspect we would have enjoyed it more if we had. 

I have no way to describe this place. It’s a bit of a Twilight Zone. We had so much fun just exploring the bizarre rooms and themes. I am sure there is a story that you are supposed to follow and try to figure out a mystery. I didn’t get that part. But even if you don’t, it’s still a fascinating place to explore and experience. We went on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty crowded. I highly recommend going on line and purchasing your tickets and time slot in advance. 

Meow Wolf is definitely different! However, the lack of a clear starting point for "the mystery" that you're in theory there to learn about makes the whole thing just plain old confusing for like the first hour. If you're just there to look at the different installations and run around, I'm sure it's great, but I was interested in the story and found it very difficult to get going. (For folks who do go, if you want to try to follow the story, the binder with the dad's notes in the living room isn't a bad place to start). Also, to follow the story, often you needed access to written materials. There was usually only one copy of these available (files on a computer in one room, a binder full of notes in another), and with the place totally packed, they were either A) hard to get to or B) made you feel bad reading through them in detail knowing the next person was waiting. I found it too busy and too hard to know where to start given my interests. I also think it would be better served with like, a five day pass, so you could come back and explore it in chunks over the course of a trip: as it was, it was just too overwhelming and frustrating an experience to fully enjoy.

My sister and I took my son when he was 3 and it's all he's talked about ever since! It's been a couple of years and he's so excited to go back. The story of the House of Eternal Return is very fun and interesting to try to puzzle out but if you'd rather not it's truly just an incredible place to run around, admire, and take pictures.I'm very excited for the new Meow Wolf installation to come to Denver next year!!

I highly recommend checking this place out!! My husband and I weren’t sure what to expect but it was absolutely something to remember. 

This is an art museum like you have never seen before.  It's like someone took Antoni Gaudí, Walt Disney, Tim Burton, and Lewis Carroll, drugged them, and sent them out to play.  If you go to Santa Fe, do not miss this attraction!  Kids will love it, too!You must buy tickets online ahead of time, and there is an hourly schedule for admission, so plan ahead.

Was really an innovative, different kind of place. we enjoyrd all the secret passages and the fun things to do such as going through the passage of the dryer and the refrigerator! great fun

I spent a couple hours at the Meow Wolf in Santa Fe NM.  It isn’t a venture out of Alice in wonderland rabbit hole for all ages .  A must do on your bucket list of life. I like the washing machine number one the refrigerator number two and the camping with the eyeballs three.  This is a must do.

Opens there eyes as a great book would do, but in the physical world, as if their imagination becomes real space.  Worth the wait, as we had to do for 45 minutes.  Buy online, it saves a hassle.  Must go to in Santa Fe.

We didn’t know WHAT to expect. We’re in our 50s and likely on the older side of visitors on a Saturday afternoon, but it was fun! We didn’t take time to “play the game” and figure out the theatrical scenario involving aliens, humans, and a little girl who misses her uncle, but the art, creativity, and just plain unique nature was worth the almost two hour visit. Purchase tickets in advance on line and stick to your reservations as they’re busy!!

Meow Wolf is really overwhelming with all the things you can explore and take in, but in a good way.  We would have loved to spend more time digging through all the clues in the house/exhibit but it was a bit crowded so prevented that a bit. Nonetheless, it was fantastic and I’d love to return again or explore the other exhibits they’re building in Las Vegas and Denver.  Check out what’s in the toilet on the second floor of the house!

This is definitely an experience. Our kids (9 & 12) thought it was the coolest thing. My husband and I thought it was pretty cool too. We just walked around and explored, but didn’t attempt the interactive “mystery”. In any case, there are definitely levels of sophistication to this place... adults and kids can enjoy it for different reasons. I did not particularly enjoy crawling around through the fireplace and also through the washing machine, but that’s probably because I’m a bit out of shape. Lol. We had timed tickets that we bought online, but still ended up waiting in a line for about 30 minutes. We stayed about 2 hours. It was not particularly cost effective for a family of 4, especially because the kids wanted souvenirs. It was about $100 + $1 per 3D glasses. All it all, a good experience that we will all remember. 

Our family went-2 kids ages 11 and 15. They loved it. Husband didn’t like it.I liked it but thought it was a littleOver priced for what it is. It is supposed to have a back story that helps you follow along the adventure/story, but after listening to the first one, thought it was weird and just went on ourselves.Lots of dark, strange noises. Lots of places to sit and “contemplate”? It was pretty wild. Lots to see. Just depends on your idea of a good time. 

I was told by someone from Santa Fe that Meow Wolf was "so hard to describe, but a Must See". I could not agree more...spectacularly creative immersive experience with wonderful surprises around every corner. You never know what music might happen if you touch something, you have to look for all the hidden rooms...the refrigerator door opens to yet another set of rooms, the washing machine opens to a tunnel. So much color and music and light...an absolute Must See!

The inside of the place is remarkable, and the inside makes me nostalgic every time that I go in. However, I have some complaints. For one, my brother and I have waited in the Meow Wolf line for close to an hour, despite being here early and at the front of the line. Secondly, the place is quasi-unkempt. Kind of disgusts me. 

What a unique place to visit. So many hidden tunnels and great art. I love that kids need to handle thing to solve clues. We had a great time.

The was out favorite thing in Sante Fe!  My daughter is 12 and she throughly enjoyed this!  She could have stayed in there all day.  The twists and turns, door here and there, oh don't forget to open a cabinet door, or pull on a cord!  All the letters and books to be read!  Lots of fun stuff! Definitely a must see! 

Completely out of this world experience. I have been waiting to go to Meow Wolf for a couple years after seeing photos and videos online. What I was met with upon arrival was completely beyond anything I had expected! I had only felt like we spent an hour there, but truly it was over three when we came out and checked the clock. What a gift to be transported like that! Excellently done all around. No backpacks, which I didn’t realize until we got inside and converted my backpack purse into an over-the-shoulder. The rule COMPLETELY makes sense once you’re in there. There are some tight places. It was a little more crowded than I expected, and my only “complaint” is parking. We circled the area a few times upon arrival and found a spot on the street. I will absolutely be back when I can, and can’t wait for the opening in my hometown, Denver! 

This really is an experience like no other.  The art installations are really cool. I’m glad I went but I’m not sure it was worth waiting in line for almost an hour.

Loved this place.  Wish we had our grandchildren with us.  Will give them gift certificates for Christmas.  Enjoyed the uniquness of each room.  This is a must if you are in Santa Fe area, no matter your age! 

Wow! I really enjoyed experiencing this place. Amazing! I felt like I was Alice in Wonderland. I am from the Denver area and they are building one here - YAY!!! I will definitely go. Thank you Meow Wolf for a GREAT time!

I just looked at the pretty pictures and decided I wanted to go. I'm not sure that I know what the point is... There was some vague story line. There were lots of rooms... We attempted to check in 20 minutes before our time and were told we had to wait. You have to have all your party with you when you check in. They didn't ask us if we wanted the 3d glasses for $1 more. I was told they made things jump out. That might have helped.They had a game room when you could play pacman, etc. There was a room you could play music.We spend about an hour in there. You could spend more time.Maybe it's just for kids...

What fun during our family reunion. Adult ages from mid thirties to mid seventies and something for everyone. Plenty of places to set and observe to take a break from exploring. And plenty of new adventures and experiences to entertain us  for a couple of hours. Colorful, thought provoking and an unusual and fun experience. Highly recommend.

Be prepared to wait in line. When you reserve your time slot online, they promise to get you in within an hour of that reservation. In the meantime, you may have to stand in the sun for an hour. Try to arrive 15 minutes early for quicker entry. otherwise, a great and unique experience!

Amazing, like being in a video game, reminded me of Myst or Tomb Raider, early videogames, very engaging

New Mexico for Spring break! My husband read about Meow Wolf-so we added it to our agenda! So glad we did. We were a family group ranging from 71-16. we all loved it. My cynical 17 year old said it was the best thing we did. Plan lots of time.....

Meow Wolf is a must see when traveling to Santa Fe.  Even if you don’t love or understand art, the displays of artistic expression are  beyond words and definitely worth the visit! 

This place really entained my and my date. It seemed like place place to take ur childern when the get around the age of 10-12

The equivalent of the “busy box” toy for small children.  A sensory experience — lots to touch, colors, visual surprises.    Im glad I went, but once is enough and I wouldn’t recommend for mature adults without children.  A great adventure, however, if you have children or are babysitting.

This is an experience type of thing. Trippy and sometimes hard to understand. It is very busy and so staff is busier than a lot of places in Santa Fe so service is good but not always the warmest (honestly it was crazy when I was there). I think going off hours is better and so when it opens might be best? and not a weekend if you can swing a weekday. It made me think and I found it interesting and odd and fun. Don't expect a stuffy museum or art thing - this is really about fun and oddity and learning about spaces and art that is more mystery than anything else. There is a lot of things to touch - take hand sanitizer!! lol - couldn't resist but honestly I think lots of things are possibly touched often :) Gift shop is fun, small but has some good stuff. The price...well, I think it could be/should be cheaper but, again, it is Santa Fe so there it is.. I went with my husband so no children and I don't know that it is 'exactly' for littles. I think they'd have fun running about but they would miss the things adults would notice. Loved the fridge.

This place is trippy and a must visit! It really blows your mind and you could spend hours in there. We would think we were done, and then we'd walk through a door and be in a whole new area of Meow Wolf.Tips: Touch everything! Buy your ticket online so you can skip the long line.

I have gone 2 times so far. Once with my 3 year old son and the second time with my husband. I saw new things the second time I went and it was just as great of an experience. If we had the time we could spend HOURS there. Next time we go we will try to solve the mystery of the house but we still read a lot of the information and it was such a great experience. HIGHLY recommend to everyone of all ages

Meow Wolf is nothing more than a product of its environment, Santa Fe. This is truly fake art at its finest. The people associated with Meow Wolf i.e. the staff are pretentious, artificial and from what can be ascertained from the exhibits, quite talentless and bland. This place has no direction and the majority of the "artists" can be seen to have no formal training instead falling on the ridiculous trope of "I need to be insured and never needed that formal training". Add in they are rude and condescending and you have the perfect representation of Santa Fe.Save your money, or more importantly, your time and do not go to Meow Wolf.

I had high expectations for this place and it met them! And there was a killer bar at the end! I did not really investigate the premise of it all and it was a mystery house with clues to hel you figure it out (I don’t think I fully did). But it encourages touching things that you normally wouldn’t and they make sounds and colors and it was all just fabulous. The house DJ had it going on and was incorporating a theremin into his sounds. It was perfect. I could make this an annual pilgrimage. 

Our kids are 13, 10, & 8. This was a little overrated especially for the admission fee. Cool concept, great art/scenery/props, fun hidden features. The story/mystery could have been a lot more clear. There was a lot to read and videos to watch (that were heard to hear), and only one copy copy to use; difficult to follow and discover. 

Meow Wolf is nothing more than a product of its environment, Santa Fe. This is truly fake art at its finest. The people associated with Meow Wolf i.e. the staff are pretentious, artificial and from what can be ascertained from the exhibits, quite talentless and bland. This place has no direction and the majority of the "artists" can be seen to have no formal training instead falling on the ridiculous trope of "I need to be insured and never needed that formal training". Add in they are rude and condescending and you have the perfect representation of Santa Fe.Save your money, or more importantly, your time and do not go to Meow Wolf.

I had high expectations for this place and it met them! And there was a killer bar at the end! I did not really investigate the premise of it all and it was a mystery house with clues to hel you figure it out (I don’t think I fully did). But it encourages touching things that you normally wouldn’t and they make sounds and colors and it was all just fabulous. The house DJ had it going on and was incorporating a theremin into his sounds. It was perfect. I could make this an annual pilgrimage. 

Our kids are 13, 10, & 8. This was a little overrated especially for the admission fee. Cool concept, great art/scenery/props, fun hidden features. The story/mystery could have been a lot more clear. There was a lot to read and videos to watch (that were heard to hear), and only one copy copy to use; difficult to follow and discover. 

The exhibit when my family and I attended was "The House of Eternal Return." It presents an interactive mystery that draws from a wide variety of influences. My 11-year-old son has anxiety, and it took him a little while to get used to the weirdness, but once he did he became very enthusiastic. There is a ton to explore - we thought we saw everything, but I wouldn't be surprised if there some exhibits that we missed, there were so many tucked away in corners. (There are a few places where the exhibits are very small and narrow, and for a bigger person like me there were a few times I worried about getting stuck, but never did.) It's a little hard to describe the experience without giving away the parts that give it its unique mystery, charm, and beauty. Suffice it to say it is an interactive art museum, and something that everyone can enjoy!

Had interesting art work and interactive pieces. Felt like wondering down the rabbit hole. Was disappointed that teens would block main focal points for photo shoots. Background story was hard to follow and no end goal in sight. Staff was not interactive and provided no insight. We’re mid-twenties and this wasn’t for us. 

Two words. Go there. See it, experience it, don't miss it. Funky, alternative, one of a kind interactive art installation. Wander the rooms, watch the videos, climb the spiral stairs, play Ms Pac Man for free. And when you think you've seen each room, and found every shortcut or hidden door, keep looking. Open drawers, peak in cabinets, lie down on couches, soak all of the strange wonderful energy of Meow Wolf. Top 10 coolest experiences ever, you will love it. kind interactive art installation. Wander the rooms, watch the videos, climb the spiral stairs, play Ms Pac Man for free. And when you think you've seen each room, and found every shortcut or hidden door, keep looking. Open drawers, peak in cabinets, lie down on couches, soak all of the strange wonderful energy of Meow Wolf. Top 10 coolest experiences ever, you will love it.

This is an immersive interactive experience. There’s a mystery to be solved, but it’s very entertaining for all ages. There are portals that take you to various areas, for example, through the fridge or the dryer. We spent 3 hours here and could have stayed longer. A fabulous experience.

I took my nephew there, although I had experienced the House of Eternal Return at least twice in the past.  Despite claims of major changes and additions, it seemed much the same, but more crowded, even on a weekday morning.  The darkness, many steps, strobe lights and loud sound effects made it difficult for me to enjoy.  I was too busy trying not to stumble or bump into others. My nephew enjoyed it, as I did on my first visit several years ago.  It's unique and worth experiencing--once.

I'm not really sure how to describe Meow Wolf.  I'd say 'modern art', but what does that really mean?  The whole building is the exhibit, you walk through non-linear areas.  While creative and somtimes strange, I rarely had the feeling it was too weird or abstract to make any sense.  While I can't do it justice, read some online reviews, check out some pictures, and, hopefully, check it out!There is an app for your phone to interact with the 'house' portion of Meow Wolf and solve a mystery.  I was disappointed we weren't told anything about it when we checked it at reception; but still enjoyed the visit without it.

Had no idea what to expect except that the venue was being given very high marks.  It truly did not disappoint.  At 81 yrs old it challenged my physical abilities somewhat, but I had great acceptance with help from some of the other guests and we had a good laugh about me sliding down a ladder when I could not otherwise make it.  I am sure I didnot miss an inch of the programmed explosions.  I loved that there were benches along the way to rest when I needed to catch my breath.

Don't go to Santa Fe and skip meowolf. It is an experience unlike anything else. Each room is a new adventure. It is great for families, couples, or friends. Be prepared to move about a little (squating, bending, sliding) if you want to get to every room.

great visual art...can solve mystery, kind of like a room escape and has some elements of the show stranger things....very cool for kids and adults.

Great art experience for kids, and the adults loved it too. Spent 2-3 hours - very interesting and bizarre!

This was a really different kind of place and worth going to! You spend hours walking through and seeing all sorts of oddities but it's really fun and interesting. Very interactive and really creative. Buy your tickets in advance to avoid the usual really long line. As great as this place is, and totally worth going to, it's a little expensive and I'm not sure why but go!

Sparks creativity! It took my 9yo a while to acclimate to the chaos (she was terrified) but after that she owned the place. I have sensory issues and was concerned about being able to make it through but I was pleasantly surprised that there are many peaceful surprises also built in. 

We were visiting our son and daughter in law who are mid 20's and love this place.  They explained it to us but no review will prepare you for this.  Glad we came.  There is a "mystery" component to be solved that our kids are working on with their 3rd visit.  It's fun, kinda creepy, whimsical, and packed.  If you are just going for one trip and a couple of hours, you may be disappointed if you dont get into wierd things.  Being nimble helps.

We arrived at about 3:00pm and were reminded that the House closed at 5:00pm. As with all things we tend to breeze through experiences so the two remaining hours were laughable assuming we’d be out in 30 minutes tops. At 5:00 they kicked us out and we have returned regularly and often since. Just go. No agenda. Wander around and perhaps that feeling of being seven years old again might creep in. Wonderment. Fun. Long summer days with nothing to do so just play and forget to eat, or even care about the time. That’s Meow Wolf.

Visited on a Wednesday over spring break. Arrived 25 minutes before opening and we were entering the House of Eternal Return within about 15 minutes after opening.  We explained the concept of the mystery to our older kids (8 and 9) and carefully went through the cards/letters in the mailbox with them.  They got the concept and really enjoyed looking for clues and coming up with theories about what happened in the House of Eternal Return. We spent about two hours inside before it got unpleasantly crowded (just after 11:00 a.m.) at which point we left.  We didn't quite see everything in that two hours, but I think we saw most of it.  I could easily see spending 4 hours if you're really going to get into everything. Our preschool aged child was overwhelmed and did not enjoy it.  All in all, it was one of our family's favorite activities on this vacation, and we'll be talking about it for years to come!

We went around 2 PM and had to leave because there was a two hour wait to get in and we had other things to do and see. We came back after dinner, about 2 hours before their closing time, and still had to wait a half hour! When we got in, the lights, sounds, and crowds were so overwhelming that I didn’t want to be in there for more than an hour anyway, so the timing ended up being ok. Overall it is a very cool, unique experience, but be aware that you may have to wait if you go during a busy travel season (we were there during spring break week). Also be aware that if you are someone with high anxiety or if crazy lights and sounds freak you out, this is not the place for you. 

Interactive experience with a Lotta art, very original art. Start by walking through a house and trying to figure out the whole theme of the space. Walk through doors, and open drawers and walk in the refrigerator, and try to find out what’s going on with the people that live in this house. Make sure to look in the hamster cage. Try to solve the lit- up wall of rectangles and squares.  OK then.  Two hours of interesting.

Meow Wolf is a 'museum' like none other. Entertaining, Interactive, mysterious, hilarious, artistic, bizarre, amazing, and a hundred other superlatives.  It is a MUST SEE, MUST DO when you go to Sante Fe, NM - or just passing through.  I loved it and would go back in a minute.  You will not stop smiling while you are there - or for days afterwards.  A great place to take older children.  They could spend hours exploring and trying to solve a mystery.  Little children, not a good idea - some parts could be scary for them.

Got here at lunch time and the line was pretty long. We whipped out our phones and bought tickets online and were able to move over to the “pre paid” line which was moving much faster. Not really sure what I expected, but it was a weird and unique experience. It seemed like the was a story you were supposed to follow, but it was way too crowded so we ended up just wandering around and taking it all in. 

We had our dog during this trip, so I stayed behind with her and  sent my husband and kids to do this. The exhibit was great and unique. They showed up around 10:30 during a spring break weekday and waited 2 hours to get in. You can cut down your wait time if you buy tickets ahead of time (hindsight is 20/20). Also, it seemed the ratio of letting people in with prepaid tickets vs. waiting in line was not fair. I guess they saw people with prepaid tickets get in and leave the exhibit before they got in. When they left the exhibit, the line was much shorter. So, I guess:  1) prepay your tickets 2) don't get there close to when it first opens, show up a little later.I look forward to them opening one in Denver so I can go see it. You can leave and go back later in the day. The admission is come and go through the day.

Meow Wolf is extraordinary! I find it hard to describe,but a highly stimulating art extravaganza. Rooms and rooms of some combination of a museum, fun house, concert, art show, maze, riddle, playhouse, jungle and more. There is so much to absorb and explore. We went as a family and had people from age 75 to 17 and everyone loved it. I would highly recommend making a stop unless perhaps you suffer from any sensitivity issues. My understanding is they are expanding to other cities soon as well!

My boyfriend & I came here for our anniversary. We've been wanting to go for over a year. Honestly, it was way better than I expected. The art is amazing! I loved the themes of each room. Very creative! I wish there were less people inside but I totally understand that so many people would like to visit this place. The only complaints I have are, we stood in line to get into the building for quite some time.. Again, I understand we went during spring break and they had some kind of unicorn party going on, so a lot of people. Also, it was kind of expensive. We got a NM Residents Discount but a few more $ cheaper would be ideal, Especially Because the 3D Glasses aren't included with entry. Still an awesome place though!! I really loved how you can go inside the dryer, refrigerator & ice machine. It made me feel like a kid. Great place!

How do you explain Meow Wolf to someone? It’s like a light show meets a haunted house for art school kids. It’s simply awesome for everyone. I had a group ranging from ages 7 to 36 and every single one had a blast. Couple of strategic tips:Your ticket enables you to be there all day. Go twice. Once in the morning just try and explore it all like you would a playground. Then leave for a while. Come back and really take a deep dive into the dark corners and meditative experiences. It’s a pricey day- a group of 8 of us was about $200 but it’s a lifetime memory. There is really nothing like it.

Great time,  lots to see and do.  Going thru the dryer was out of this world. At least 3 to 4 hours of fun. 

Very busy during spring break. Loved getting to explore. Spent 3 hours here and really needed more time. (Not counting time in line) So many things to see.

It was a cool place, very  artsy! Only draw back is lots of kids running around. We laughed and said the artists must be on acid to come up with some of this stuff. But it was definitely different!

Tried three times to go to this "attraction" ... the last time we were able to park in the parking lot and the line up was only 10 people ahead of us. The previous two times parking was down the road (if at all) and the line up was the length of the building! So timing is everything for getting in without wasting a lot of your day. Once inside the creative space is fascinating and definitely an incredible experience. I gave it a 4/5 because I felt the cost was a little on the high side.

We visited on a Friday during spring break. Got there at 11 and could not find any parking. Lot was full and cars were parked on all adjacent streets. Left and came back after 3. Several spots available. Waited in line outside for almost an hr. Purchase your tickets ahead as that line moves faster. We spent 2 hrs inside and  enjoyed our visit. Lots to see here.

My grandkids and daughter loved the secret passages, dancing, and surprises at every turn. Awesome and memorable experience.

What an amazing experience! Would recommend this no matter the age. We loved the ‘inter-dimensional’ adventure, and will return to visit soon.  

Wow!  Can't say enough positive things about Meow Wolf.  So unique and out of this world!  We went last week with our nephews for Spring Break.  The format is a haunted house whereby one goes through portals (Fireplace, Refrigerator, Dryer, etc.) to enter fantastic dimensions.  Dr. Who fans will love this!  One of the most fun experiences we have had!!!

Staff was friendly. The place is entertaining, funky and artsy! Not sure if very young kids would get scared or not. But my teen and 4th grader loved it. 

This is an incredible adventure, gigantic fun house for adults and children alike. It is designed for the agile and fit. It's essential to open every door, cub bard, touch surfaces, climb into fireplaces, walk into refrigerators; and a whole new world appears. This is fantasy to the max. The LED string music room is fun to play strings that are electronic.

We went there with huge expectations, we love escape games and were told you kind of have to solve a mysterie, the decoration is out of the ordinary they put a lot of effort into it, very well designed place a lot of hidden places, over all it is really out of the normal. I just think it is not design for solving something, it is way too crowded and to confusing to be able to "solve" I would give 5 stars if that mysterie doesn't even exist because is a nice place different from a typical museum (even though I hardly think of this place as a museum). Now I'm thinking that my review is very confusing just like this place made me feel

Fun for all ages.  this place is absolutely captivating.  You don't have to try to see it all in one visit.  Just take in what you can.

I had been to Meow Wolf several times before with family and friends, and it was always a blast, but this was my first time there for a concert. The venue is intimate but great for an up close and interactive event. Audience members can still explore the fantastic venue during the concert. Because it was an all ages event, alcohol was limited to the bar in the lobby which is pretty far removed from the concert area, so that was the only down side.

Personally, I loved it. I dont know why mad overprotective moms gave this place 1 star... but everything about it made it seem like a very strange and awesome dream! There is a mystery to solve, if you do it right and actually take the time to look for hints and clues. I was amazed at all the sights to see and the story behind it all. I think you should definitely go there! Money well spent!

you need to arrive really early to enjoy and spend a good time, if you are on a big group and get separate will take forever to find each other again. very interested to see something different, even you do not get all the clues you can experience a lot of interesting rooms

Set aside an entire day for this place! There are so many things to find & discover. I can't imagine going here as a child. It would have been life changing. If you go to this, start in the house not in the side yard. It makes the experience way more story like. Check the mailbox, decode the messages in the parents? room. Read the diary, look in the toilet, go in the closets, & behind the bookcases, & through the fridge, & dryer & keep an eye out for the vertical plastic flaps.  The narrative is so cool but isn't ham fisted. There were 2 lines for entry. We asked what the difference for them was & were told one was for those with tickets & the other for those without. It ended up not even mattering as both lines melded into one line once you were in the door. So if you notice one line is shorted, get in it. Be prepared to wait a LONG time in line. But it's worth it. And if it's cold the people working there will likely bring out small cups of hot pepto bismol?

I had heard good things and thought I knew what I was in for. I was wrong. This place is a surreal adventure, traveling through a collision of different universes. Amazing and delightful and unlike anything else.

I was interested in seeing this based on the unique qualities in the description.  Our family all thought this was amazing fun.  Be sure to keep your eyes open. It is a very popular place so check ahead.

Part interactive multimedia art exhibit, amusement park, and mystery.  This was my second visit and I hope I can make a 3rd visit and take time to read and find the clues.  I would travel just to see a new Meow Wolf experience in another town.

I have heard about Meow Wolf for some time now, and finally made the trip to check it out.  It was one of the coolest experiences I've had in a while!  We were a little intimidated by the line at 10am, it was very long already. We left and came back later at 1 and it was still crazy.  It stayed that way for the rest of the day...when we left at 7pm there was still a long line, but it was inside by that time.  We purchased our tickets online so our wait wasn't quite as long...but altogether we still spent about 45 minutes waiting.  Totally worth it!  There are no words that can capture the awesomeness inside...you just have to go check it out for yourself.  Don't let the huge crowds deter you, it's easy to get lost in the art and pretend like you're the only one there :). We're looking forward to Denver's opening next year!

We drove in from Albuquerque to vtake the kids to Meow Wolf during spring break. Apparently everyone else on New Mexico had the same idea. There was an hour long wait to get inside. There were heaters lined up outside to help take the edge off the cold. Once inside it was another 30 minute wait to get our wrist bands and and check our coats. I was allowed to bring my camera into the exhibit. Once inside the wait was worth it. The senses are overloaded with the most imaginative,colorful, interactive attraction I have probably ever seen.y group consisted of four adults over 50 two adults in their 40s, a 16 year old, a 9 year old and a 5 year old. Every one of us loved it. The detail in every aspect of the exhibit is beyond compare. There is a story that is told throughout the exhibit and you can choose to follow the story. The story is amazingly detailed and there are newspapers,photos, websites, and other things all over the place that tie it together. If you don’t follow the details of the story, you will still have your imagination stimulated by the detail that has gone into the place. Open every drawer. Every door. Be amazed. 

To call it art just doesn't do it justice...every room is so incredible. To watch children and their grandparents laughing and enjoying something together was remarkable. It transcends age and brings out the child in you that is still full or wonder and awe.

I went here with my group as part of a 2-week camping trip in Colorado and New Mexico, another group member had found it on the internet and suggested it as part of our trip. I went in not knowing much except something a cashier at a store had said to us that "If you're that person who looks in other people's medicine cabinets when you're in their bathroom, you'll love it." Now I am indeed "that person" so I was intrigued. As soon as I stepped inside and read the introductory letter, I was ready to get into it. I am a big fan of the internet writing community the SCP Foundation, which constructs an imaginary organization that contains anomalous items and entities. I have to say that Meow Wolf gave me a really strong SCP vibe in the best way, down to using some of the same words (e.g. "anomaly"). It was like experiencing one of the best kinds of SCP articles, but in real life. Also better because it was so much more colorful and varied than the way SCP articles can project a kind of sterility.There were so many things to do and interact with, even just trying to name all the things you could make music with is hard. There is also a story to piece together that pervades the whole exhibit, but even without that it's just so much fun to explore.Since our group was on a schedule, we were given two hours to look around. That still didn't feel like enough time at the end of it, and I definitely will go back by myself in order to get the full experience.

Recommend to me by a close friend and MY god this was well worth waiting in line for an hour! My 6 year old had a blast and didn’t want to leave, and just when you thought you were done...there was more! Definitely a must in Santa Fe.

To call it art just doesn't do it justice...every room is so incredible. To watch children and their grandparents laughing and enjoying something together was remarkable. It transcends age and brings out the child in you that is still full or wonder and awe.

I went here with my group as part of a 2-week camping trip in Colorado and New Mexico, another group member had found it on the internet and suggested it as part of our trip. I went in not knowing much except something a cashier at a store had said to us that "If you're that person who looks in other people's medicine cabinets when you're in their bathroom, you'll love it." Now I am indeed "that person" so I was intrigued. As soon as I stepped inside and read the introductory letter, I was ready to get into it. I am a big fan of the internet writing community the SCP Foundation, which constructs an imaginary organization that contains anomalous items and entities. I have to say that Meow Wolf gave me a really strong SCP vibe in the best way, down to using some of the same words (e.g. "anomaly"). It was like experiencing one of the best kinds of SCP articles, but in real life. Also better because it was so much more colorful and varied than the way SCP articles can project a kind of sterility.There were so many things to do and interact with, even just trying to name all the things you could make music with is hard. There is also a story to piece together that pervades the whole exhibit, but even without that it's just so much fun to explore.Since our group was on a schedule, we were given two hours to look around. That still didn't feel like enough time at the end of it, and I definitely will go back by myself in order to get the full experience.

Recommend to me by a close friend and MY god this was well worth waiting in line for an hour! My 6 year old had a blast and didn’t want to leave, and just when you thought you were done...there was more! Definitely a must in Santa Fe.

Meow wolf never really disappoints.  I will say that it was much more fun when we first found it a few years back, but as it should, the place has earned recognition and is now such a hit spot in Santa Fe!  They only allow a certain number of people in line into the building to buy/redeem tickets, but there is no limit to the number of people who can be in there at once (well, there probably is, but customers certainly can’t tell what that number is).  So, it was PACKED!  If you don’t do well in crowded places, you probably wouldn’t want to try it during the weeks of spring break.  We, our friends and our kids love it, though, so of course, we went again....and will probably go again next time we are in town.If you haven’t been to Meow Wolf, it is definitely a MUST for first timers!  I think everyone should experience its eclectic vibe at least once!

What can we say? We were all excited after reading the reviews .... but it wasn’t all that’s we had hoped for.  If you have kids, worth it.  It’s very unique and creative and we were happy we saw it.  But not for $30 a person ($60.00 a couple). Felt like it was way over priced for the hour we explored (yes you can stay as long as you’d like, but we were done in an hour.  In the end we found it fascinating, but felt like we thru some money away.

Face it, there are not many places that do installation art. Here many artists are involved and their use of technology is impressive. In several exhibits sounds and touch are part of the work. Yes, this is truly unique and feel it is fun for all ages.

Although I'm still a bit salty that I didn't receive a response to my multiple job applications here (and personalized art), I really enjoyed visiting Meow Wolf while passing through Santa Fe shooting a documentary. It's interactive art installation meets museum meets tourist attraction and surprisingly (since it's so big), the entire attraction is clean, everything is working. If I lived near here, I would come all the time....and also apply to work here a few more times before giving up, but unfortunately I live in NY.Meow Wolf has brought to life the dreams I had in college, of making art accessible to everyone, even people who haven't studied it for 4+ years. It brings to life the wonder and exploration I felt studying contemporary video installation. That might not mean anything to you, but if your average Joe Shmoe loves and appreciates Meow Wolf it is specifically that.I'm also incredibly appreciative of their ability and strive to pay artists a good wage. Let's lay the struggling, "starving" artist trope to rest! They even help other similar art projects get off the ground with grants and other educational assistance. More of this. More of all of it. Thank you for inspiring a future I can look up to. I'll be back (with friends this time)!

The first time I went to Meow Wolf I spent three hours in total sensory overload just in awe of the artwork itself. Got some hints to the fact there was a mystery, but by the time I really fell into the hunt, we were out of time and needed to leave. So, imagine my excitement when I got to come back a second time! I solved a handful of puzzles, picked up new clues. FOUND ROOMS I'D NEVER SEEN BEFORE. Some friends and I are going back in July and I can't wait to get even further into the story and mystery. This place is worth multiple visits, worth the money, the wait and the frustration every single time.My only criticism is that I wish they would send in only a certain amount of people at a time or have more staff on hand and involved in the house. Things like the mail not being there, getting excited because you solved a clue and opened a lock only to find the box/safe you opened empty make for a slightly disheartening experience.

Loved my trip to Meow Wolf it was such an amazing and different art experience. My siblings and I had a blast exploring Meow Wolf. I plan to visit again when I return to Santa Fe!

We went to visit when we were in NM for the Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta. The awesome worker at McDonalds of all places recommended we make the short drive. It was freaking awesome! Interactive, imaginative, artistic, interesting. There really aren’t enough adjectives to fully describe this immersive experience. We can’t wait to go back and we can’t wait to visit the ones opening in other cities. 

Some people have given silly reviews but you have to wonder why different and new is scary? That's exactly why we NEED Meow Wolf: a better world cannot just be made. It must be imagined first. A wonderful experience. Can't wait for the DC one to open up! Warning: leave dogmatism at the door.

I visited Meow Wolf in November 2018, and I'm still enjoying my memories of the place and even dreaming about it! An amazing mix of art gallery, fun house, haunted house, and sci-fi adventure, I am desperately jealous of folks that live within 100 miles of it! I will be visiting again when I can and look forward to seeing the new upcoming locations!

Waiting in line I tried googling and asking people what meow wolf is but I couldn't figure it out. I spent a few hours there and slowly started to understand something but for the most part I didn't even care what it was I just loved it that much! It's like an alternative universe. It's its own world. So much to constantly see and do and touch and experience. I left and my first thought was I could go back tomorrow and not be bored. Coolest thing I did on my 3+week road trip! 

I want to start off by saying that this place was creative, immersive and incredibly fun. Staff was helpful and friendly. I went with my sister, her 3?kiddos and my best friend- plenty of laughs and good memories to be had by all. If I had one *little* tip, it’s to just remember that Meow Wolf is very busy and very hands-on... And with lots of people and lots of hands come their germs as well. It was obvious that the staff had cleaned before any guest had entered, but with the volume, germs and build-up are inevitable, but also obvious. I’ve seen multiple social media posts regarding deep cleaning periods and definitely appreciate that the staff has recognized this issue and has taken steps to make the experience all around better. That being said, I’ll still bring a pocket sized hand sanitizer next time I visit, just to be safe. 

One of the greatest experiences in my life and it never fails to impress. I have been there multiple times. Working with international students, this is one of the few NM attractions we go to. We make a trip to MW at least once a semester. This is literally an experience that you can rarely find, and when you do, it deserves to be blown out of the water with hype! Amazing! Interactive! Artistic! THIS! IS! MEOWWOLF! And if you say otherwise, you clearly don't lead a life of excitement,adventure, and/or openness. Thank you MeowWolf for all the memories.

My husband and I visited Meow Wolf last summer after hearing about it and looking into it. We loved it and had the best time! There is always something new to see behind every corner. We also loved trying to solve the story of the family, but ran out of time before we could completely figure it out. Next time we are in Santa Fe, we will definitely make sure to come back to Meow Wolf!

This is a very unique expereince. Thankfully not overly busy when we went but I would have liked it to be a little less crowded! It is cool for people who like creative immersive art. Walking through the house is a very fun time, and finding the "Easter eggs" is also very neat.

If you had 50 artists locked in a warehouse, given a story outline and they each have to design a section in a huge escape room-yeah it is sorta like that except a little more incoherent. I was wishing that it was either more art focused or story focused...as it was the two kept getting in each other’s way. Don’t get me wrong; it was a good way to spend 3 hours on a rainy day, but I don’t need to go again. Maybe my expectations were too high.

A must see experience for all ages, and the concerts are really bad ass every time I go it's always new and exciting they are always switching everything around...

A time capsule of secret passages, hidden doors, magical rooms, sounds and music. i especially liked entering through the refrigerator door - one of the many things your parents told you not to do. Rules are to be broken here and everything must be touched!

This place is amazing! You have to have an open mind and in the mood for something interesting and cool. I love this place and am planning an annual trip to New Mexico, just to visit Meow Wolf!

decided to check it out on vacation and so glad we did. We even stayed for the concert. We will go again next time we are in the area.

Meow Wolf is a three in one attraction -- an immersive mystery for puzzle lovers and detectives, an modern art exhibit, and a playground-like environment for kids (ideally age 6 and up, in light of some possibly scary areas). A standard suburban house becomes a gateway to the fantastic, whimsical, and usual. Prepare to spend at least several hours at Meow Wolf...

I have been back twice and will continue to return.  Awesome place to visit with friends and family of all ages.

Brought my 4 year old here for some art time and then a walk through it was absolutely the best time he’s had.

We had the pleasure of attending a concert in this venue for the first time. It was an experience like no other. Much more flavor than a regular mundane concert venue!!!

It really was worth driving up from Albuquerque even though there isn't much to do in santa fe. The world of all things immersive is really coming up! You'll find yourself spending more time here than you think

The coolest place since Disneyland. Loved this place, it definitely exceeded my expectations. Perfect activity for ALL ages.

We’re locals and we visit from time to time. They switch things up every now and then and there’s always something new to see. If you haven’t been there lately it’s worth a return trip.

We are excited to return on a non-holiday and without our 6 year old. While the place is so interesting, the crowd of people took away from the ability to see/experience everything and our 6 year old wanted to run from area to area.  Cannot wait to go back!

Sooo much fun for our entire family. We spent hours exploring all the details! My 5 year old son had a blast. We practically had to drag him out. Creative way to spend a day in Santa Fe. And the coffee bar is no joke! Delicious!!! We have already recommend Meow Wolf to friends and can’t wait to visit again. 

Every time we go here, 15 or more times by my guess, it is existential, restful, engaging and we are so sad when it comes time to leave! My 8 year old loves it, as do my 20 and 21 year olds! I dream about it and suffer withdrawals when I can't get my fix!!!

Awesome experience! We took my daughter as a birthday surprise, My kids loved it and so did my husband and I. Highly recommend this place, cant wait to go check out the newly remodeled version.

An incomparable, immersive, and eternally memorable experience - our teenagers got lost for hours and only took out their phones to take photos.  Visually stunning and soul-delightingly fun.  Thanks for doing art like this

Oh my! This place is cutting edge art on a huge scale. We spent 2 hours going from room to room. Each one is very large and contains a unique artistic expression. Expect lots of color, mixed media, hands on possibilities, and a totally unique experience. We saw everyone from barely walking toddlers to old folk like us (We're 71 and 73.) to every age in between. Everyone was having a great time. People with an open mind and a willingness to experience the uniquely weird will have the best time. One tip: buy your tix online. They let people who have already purchased tix online in before walk-ups. We waited an hour, while the others waited less than 30 minutes.

We loved it and our kids loved! The wait outside was a bit cold but that is our only complaint. It was nice to see the staff sanitizing as we went through because it was packed!!

My husband and I thought we would check out Meow Wolf on our Santa Fe trip. We arrived late so they gave us half price discount.  Sweet. We only had an hour to explore but we hit all the hidden portholes, played some dinosaur bones, chilled in cool art rooms, and had a blast. We could hear music wafting into the exhibit from a band. The place is wonderful for all ages.We will definitely return. 

This a very fun, unque visual, tactal experiece. There is  the sci fy stories, the mystery and the amazinf installation. Fun, Fun Fun!!!

We waited outside in freezing weather. The staff were dictatorial and adversarial warning us several times not to use our phones to take pictures. We then were jammed into a very small space where we all stood for hours. We left early. I will not attend a concert there ever again. 

I only retreat I didn’t have my grandson with me this trip!  Still the interactive and crazy eye candy everywhere combined with a very complex mystery to solve is captivating in so many ways.  Don’t miss this one!

Great place for adults and children. Beyond creative. Amazing! I could spend hours there. Can get crowded. Go early. 

The first time I visited was when I lived out of state. I was astonished. The prices were skeptical, but it was worth it. There is so much going on and so many different themes it always keeps you guessing. If you have children, this is definitely something they'd enjoy. The experience is interactive at some points. And for all the art fans out there, it's interesting to observe the different techniques used to create these amazing installations.A few months ago I moved to Santa Fe, and this is definitely a great place to go with friends. It's fun and because of occasional art installations, you never have to worry about seeing the same thing over and over again.Overall I'd definitely recommend seeing this at least once. It's quite the experience.

I've always been a fan of interactive art.  I remember growing up seeing similar things on school trips and I've always loved them.  Going here however has really opened me up to doing something new and focusing more on my creative side.  In doing this I've really had some inner dialogue on what I really want to do and how to use my imagination more and seeing more than what's on the page.  For me it's been life  changing.  For others, it's super fun, it's interactive it's mysterious, it's a bit kooky, and surprising.  I hope others love it as much as I did.

If you like weird, Sci-Fi, psychedelic overstimulation... then this is your spot! This place is crazy, and a little hard to explain... so you will definitely have to check it out for yourself! If you really want to delve deep into the mystery of the House of Eternal Return, there are clues along the way so you can play detective. Good as a group activity, lots of walking, movement and activity.

We spent about 2 hours here - a weird experience.  My wife got the 3D glasses but I did not since they can make you feel nauseous.  I don't think we fully appreciated the art installations or the overall concept but it was worth doing it.  As our visit progressed, it became more and more crowded and less enjoyable.

Wonderful installations that are colorful and fun. The storyline is a little odd, but interesting. My favorite were the interactive musical pieces and going into Alice In Wonderland-like portals into another dimension from everyday items like a refrigerator. The arcade area was also very creative and engaging. I can't wait to see what the new installations in other cities will be like!

I’m a local. This is like nothing you have ever experienced but you have to appreciate the unique immersion into art. Even if you can’t complete all the art immersion factors like jumping into an appliance that leads to a slide to the other floor, you can experience the artistic curiosity of interpreting clues to capture the individual & overall puzzle of this art installation. They close on occasion to update the presentation. So most of the people who were extremely negative about this experience did not experience it due to renovations. If you have an open mind an artistic soul & a love for art this is the very unique art experience you can’t experience otherwise (not including the other meow wolf startups)

Get there early --- 9:30 a.m. Enjoy the many different rooms and secret access points. My kids loved it!!

. . . and a little freaky.  Everyone was enthralled and had a great time.  We spent almost 3 hours exploring.  There are surprises everywhere.

Meow Wolf is an experience that cannot be fully explained in words. Our toddler through myself and wife had an extraordinary experience here. We did not know what to expect,but as soon as walking in and seeing the "house", we knew were were in for a surprise.  We did not follow the narrative story, but never missed a thing.  Some patrons were fully engaged in the narrative story but were never disturbed by other's presence. You walk into a different room with multiple other visitors and end up exploring together the hidden messages and passages.  The interaction between the Meow Wolf set and every person in your party is different. I was enamored with the detail and ability to directly interact with every piece inside this artwork. Touch whatever you can, it is probably part of the narrative. There will be a sign or warning if you cannot touch or move something.  Our children were able to move freely and interact with the artwork as a child would without restriction (okay, very little) and absorb the artwork within.  It's one of the few places where multiple walks of life can interact, from young to old and has a  completely free feel and normalcy to it. I do not want spoil the experience for anyone, but I highly recommend going.

I would give Meow Wolf more than five points if I could.  How do you describe this place?  It is modern art, fantasy, story telling, adventure and moe all rolled into one.  Crawl through a fireplace or walk through a refrigerator into fantasy worlds that take some inspiration from Lord of the Rings, Avatar, and other sci fi fantasies.  Kids and teens can spend hours here, but and an old 65 year old like me did get sensory overload and had to quit after an hour or so.

We just visited this place this past weekend, I was kind of skeptical if it was worth the price.  My daughter is 10 and my son 18 with the age difference it is kind of hard to find a place that they both like, I can tell you that this place is great for all ages.  There is something for every age range including adults.  If you want to take advantage of the entire experience be sure to do the quest.  There is even an 80's arcade inside, outside they have an art studio where anybody can go in and relax.  Play a game or just draw, all in all this is an excellent place to take the whole family and worth the price!!!   

Went with my mom and 11 year old daughter and had an amazing time;  I took the reviews warning about the crowd seriously and showed up early.  We got there within minutes of it opening and there was already a line.  The first hour wasn't too bad, but the crowds were too much for my taste as we got to lunch time.  We had a blast exploring the place.  We started out trying to solve the mystery story-line, but it is far too complicated for one visit and started to get frustrating trying to do so.  The sounds and lights can get a bit overwhelming after a few hours as well.  Went to the cafe, had some great coffees and teas to try.  Would love to have been there late enough in the day to try the cocktails!!!!

Amazing experience and will take time to recollect but fantasy and reality are mixed up so well . The exceptional harp working with only lasers as soon as u start playing through the air literally stunned me 

In researching things to do in Santa Fe, saw reviews about Meow Wolf. Heard it was a must see, but really sure what it was.  Went on a Wed, and not crowded, short wait outside.  Very eclectic and unique experience. Interactive. Plan to spend at least 2hrs. All ages can find it interesting.

After reading about this place in preparation for our visit to Santa Fe we decided to visit. It has to be the most bizarre experience I have ever had. It’s like being in an episode of the old Twilight Zone. The creative minds that envisioned all of this is something to marvel at. We went on a Monday and it was not crowded. If one plans to attend during the summer or other busy tourist times purchase the admission tickets online beforehand. There is a mystery that has happened in the old house inside Meow Wolf with clues hidden throughout. After about 10 minutes we were overwhelmed with all the art there is to see and forgot about the mystery. There is no way to describe everything inside this place, but you have got to check it out. Don’t know that I would go back but definitely something worth seeing once. 

We own commercial haunted houses and escape rooms.  Friends told us this was right up our alley. They couldn't have been more accurate. We spent over 2 hours exploring this phenomenal attraction filled with discovery and interactive excitement. We will go again and can't wait until the 2 new venues open!

I was on a Santa Fe family vacation and decided to take my parents to Meow Wolf. I had an idea of what Meow Wolf was, but the experience exceeded all my expectations. I wasn't sure how my parents were going to react, but to my surprise, I had so much fun seeing them crawl and climb despite their "physical limitations". Meow Wolf is an incredible exhibit and you will feel like a kid again with a sense of wonder, curiosity, adventure, and excitement. Expand your mind and creativity and do not miss this experience.

There are so many rooms to explore, we kept dicocering places we overlooked. Many creative musical things like glowing toadstools on trees, dinosaur bones and stone gnomes. Our favorites were the laser harps.  There is an underlying mystery to solve, which will take several more visits.

This was one of the more interesting experiences I have had. At first it can be very overwhelming and overstimulating to all of the senses. After going through once, checking it out, and becoming oriented, it was so cool to see all of the details in each part of the exhibit. It is definitely a must go. You can easily spend hours here. 

This was a lot of fun, and an incredibly creative place.  But they don't seem to care how many people they let in.  It was *intensely* crowded when we went.  Like packed, so no matter where you were you were bumping into people and being bumped into.  It was basically impossible to try to solve the mystery or anything.They need to limit tickets to their capacity.  I would not have minded waiting to go in if it were less crowded.

I found the experience to be fabricated and the spaces to be dirty.  Give me the natural environs of Santa Fe any day over Meow Wolf.

I would recommend for most people, although sometimes I find it to be over-stimulating.  Interesting and unique maze of curious rooms and scenes and sounds.  Might not be suitable for people who have difficulty getting around.

I spend close to 2 hours in there. Went at the end of the day when it wasn’t that crowded any longer. Explored each and every room of that place. Don’t be afraid of opening doors and going through holes. Everything is so vivid and colorful.

Everyone should try this at least once. It's a unique folk/art/interactive/edgy experience.  Great for kids, teens, adults, anyone who doesn't have mobility issues.  Just don't expect a Santa Fe themed art experience; this is a whole different class of art.  Tip if there's a long line--it's a less busy at dinner time.

One of the top artistic creations of Santa Fe. Buy tickets on line, it is VERY popular with adults and kids alike.Allow a couple of hours to take in the seen and unseen portals. 

Me and my sister and mom went. My sister is in her late teens and she had a lot of fun just running around and seeing all the secret passages. Me and my mom are frustrated cuz we didn't have enough time to solve the mystery. Over all it was so much fun. We plan on going back someday.  

This place is magical. We spent 4 hours here. Totally recommend buying your tickets online to avoid a super long line to get in. They have a line for tickets and a line for pre-bought tickets that is like a fast lane!  It is so neat. My daughter is 7 and enjoyed it to the point where we were all exhausted and ready to go and she wanted more!  You will get lost and it is not even remotely possible to take in all the artwork. I didn’t really understand the whole “hamster death” plot but my daughter loved it. She loves hamsters!  The house is a really cool entrance. The performers were cool. You would see them in a show or just simply walking around.   It was crowded but not overly crowded. I would recommend eating at the food truck outside. The fish tacos were amazing. My nephew is 16 and loved the burger. My husband ordered the chicken quesadilla and said it was amazing. Not too expensive either. They do allow you to bring it in and sit and eat it at the tables.   The coffee shop makes a mean Salted Caramel Latte. $6 was a good price and was super yummy!!   Check your coat because we carried mine and my daughters for a while and that gets old fast!Have fun and get there early for good free parking. 10a. Enchanted and awesomely colorful. 

I am 47 and enjoyed this art museum very much.  Kids of all ages,  all the way up to seniors, would enjoy a visit.   You need a minimum of 2 hours for a visit. 

Blow their minds. Yours, too. It’s awesome.  It’s fun.  It’s one of those rare experiences that you will enjoy as much as your kids.  Buy your tickets ahead of time and get there just before opening or after 5pm to avoid overcrowding. 

Watch the video - look for the story - check every door - sit and soak it in - plan for at least 2 hours! This is art for the whole family!

Trippy, thoughtful and so much fun! My sister has been 3 times, myself twice, and it was my husband's first visit. Meow Wolf has something for everyone, adults and kids alike. It's great to find a favorite room and hang out a while (the Wilderness Room for me!) and the performers really stick to their acts and are wonderfully original. The arcade is such a blast from the past - and the soundtrack is AMAZING. I'm actually really sad that I can't find the track for the Wilderness Room anywhere, as its the best in my opinion. :( Anyway, it's a great concept and something you have to experience if you are in Santa Fe or even Albuquerque - it's worth the drive.

It is an amazing adventure ! Verey creative displays. Enjoyed the whole experience. They are very creative folks. 

We were there for the House of Eternal Return exhibit.The pros: interesting art space to wander through; huge and beautiful and creative art installations; encourages sense of exploration; sensorially stimulatingThe cons: too crowded; no real narrative outside the "house;" sometimes felt like a big playground rather than art-adventure; long wait to get in

One thing you must know before you go, purchase your tickets online. Next, when you arrive go to the left side of the long line. This saves you time overall during your visit. No one wants to wait outside in the snow in  December. Also, know a good joke before entering. It is an easy google search. Once inside, you redeem your online tickets and move towards the entrance. The inside is just crazy and bizarre. They were tons of hidden passages way to explore. My husband and I didn't play the game while there but it can still be fun to just explore. After you are done you can enjoy food/drinks in the food court or explore the gift shop.Note, doing drugs before you enter might be worth it.

As artists, we were blown away by the scale and scope of the entire installation. Plan on a few things: 1.) standing in line to get in. (It’s worth it, but be prepared) 2.) dress to be active. You will be climbing stairs and climbing into washing machines. Really. 3.) Give yourself a lot of time. Hours.You can visit just for the experience, or download the app and try to solve a mystery. Or both.

We enjoyed spending time in this alternate universe.  Really something off the beaten path!  Had fun!!

We went here almost a year ago and we're still talking about it!  We can't wait to come back and try to puzzle through more of the story.  We've never been anywhere like Meow Wolf.  Not only does it look super cool, but the mystery is great fun.  I'm sure you could go everyday for a year and still find new things.  The bar us fun too- very creative cocktails and coffees.

My family loved this place! There was a ton to look at and explore. There are lots of flashing lights and some of the areas are not accessible unless you are fairly small and nimble but there is still a lot to see even if you are not able to enjoy everything.

This was the best non-linear day I have had. There seem to be 3 interrelated storylines behind the scenes. Each was revealed as one walked through the space, but this is where the nonlinearity began. Only after 3 hrs of exploration and a couple of beers did any sort of “sequence” began to emerge. But this was not a random presentation of parts of stories. Instead, three intertwined stories inspired art objects that either led the viewer to a discrete part of one story or a connector of two or three stories.  A second Meow Wolf opens in Las Vegas in early 2019 and would be one of the only things making a visit to Las Vegas worthwhile. 

We went to Meow Wolf on a Friday night with a mixed age group, 72, 62, 48, & 11. We saw other people there across the age span. We did not know about the app or mystery before going. I’m not sure that would have added to the experience.  I was thoroughly enthralled with the experience- each room/area engaged the senses. It ranged from whimsical to pedestrian with an ironic twist. The secret passages and mystery messages throughout added to the experience. 

Visited Meow Wolf on a beautiful snowy day in Santa Fe in-between Christmas and New Year.  I purposely stayed away from spoilers prior to my visit, which was a bit of mistake - stood in the general admission line (in and out of the snow) for 2-hours.  The key is to buy your tix online - will call has a much faster line.  If it’s not a holiday, lines are probably way more manageable.  Be that as it may, the visit was worth the wait!   Loved all of the themes and endlessly trying to find clues to the mystery behind Meow Wolf.  We engaged with the actors, which was great and took our time exploring.  Definitely a must see!  

The experience is about finding out about what happened to the family that lived in the house.  I started with the mailbox and found the first clue that directed me to the kitchen.  There were some interesting things along the way but no clue in the kitchen.  So I went back to the lobby and asked the guy.  He said the "narrative team" had just moved things around and the kitchen clue was in the upstairs bathroom.  So off I went.  No clue there either.  So I went back to the guy in the lobby who informed me that probably someone took it.  Other than it was a lot of paper mache kind of stuff but the thrill of the hunt was gone and it was just a fun house.  I was not with kids so I didn't get much thrill out of the rest and it is not cheap.  Twice the price of the Georgia O'Keefe Museum with less than half the redeeming value.

How does one begin to compare an attraction that is totally unique?  Simply put, Meow Wolf is the worlds largest collection of art installations.  Over 250 artists, administrators and construction contractors have created a mystery in the heart of Santa Fe.  Look closer and you’ll find a story of a brilliant scientist in an old Victorian mansion who conducted experiments in time and space and what happened when things went terribly wrong.  The house is littered with clues and a huge array of perceptual illusions and twists in the plot.  Find out what happened in this very strange house, what unscrupulous people planned for this invention, even the ultimate fate of a hamster.  In keeping with my vow never to mislead fellow travelers, this is simply something you must see.  Allow all day to fully explore all environments.  If you’re hungry there’s a great little snack bar in the lobby.The warning as you enter says it all: “Watch your feet.  Watch your head.  But most of all, watch your mind!”

While you can engage in a full discovery and scavenger hunt, this place is a sensory delight even if you just want to take it all in without any extra adventure.

Amazing nice fun place. Lights, sounds and beautiful art work. A good place to experience some thing different. I wish there were signs inside to guide the visitors otherwise its easy to miss lots of exhibits which I am sure I did.

Awesome fantasy trip! We arrived as the doors opened on a weekday and it became quite crowded within an hour. It is quite an experience to enter a secret passageway and pop out into a cavern or secret science lab! Great experience for people of all ages. Inspires the imagination.

Have been twice this year.  My daughter is a huge fan of the place and it was fun to experience it with her.  I didn't have the app downloaded on my phone (DO IT before you go) and missed some of the mystery parts, but even so the imagination that goes into the exhibits and the story line is pretty amazing.  It's confusing - leave a lot of time to do this.  You cannot possibly see everything there is to see in less than 2 hours, and you will need more time if you want to do the mystery lines.  Just let go of reality and let yourself enjoy a different and highly artistic experience. 

We had a great time visiting this place. It was such a wonder how they got everything in there. The creativity for this place speaks volumes. I wish however that they did an “adult only” time slot. Kids are great, but I felt like with all of them running around it was hard to digest the art and taste of what this place is. I wish they had more locations. 

Meow Wolf is something else! A mix of Alice in Wonderland meets Stranger Things meets plain weird. Spent about 2 hours there and still didn’t see all rooms let alone get near solving the mystery. It may be a sensory overload to some, so take it easy. Super fun and unique experience!!!

This is one of those vacation opportunities you can’t pass up. In my opinion it was worth $25. We arrived right when they opened which worked out great- for the first 30min we practically had the place to ourselves. You basically self pace from room to room checking out the crazy scenes. Be sure to fully explore each room- we opened the fridge in the kitchen & it ended up being a door to another room...there is one room with red light beams that you can play like a harp. It’s just cool.

too crowded- could not enjoy but seemed to be very unique and interactive- mistake was going over a holiday

You know that part in Alice in Wonderland where she falls down the rabbit hole and she finds herself in a strange, peculiar and non-sensical world....this is that place. You will likely either love it or hate it but I recommend you experience it at least once. Those of us who are more cerebral and need to make sense of everything will probably like it less....along with anyone with physical limitations or infants since there is alot of climbing, bending, crawling, stairclimbing and squeezing through small openings required to fully explore every nook and cranny.  Like Alice in Wonderland, there is supposed to be a story line here - but if you simply put aside all normal expectations of what art should be or should look like and embrace the weirdness and all there is to explore in this fantasy world, you will likely enjoy the journey alot more!  Skip the 3-D glasses, waste of $1.

This has been pretty awesome.  Hours and hours of adventure and mystery solving fun.  The atmosphere is so much fun the decor and lighting keeps your sense engaged. You have no idea from one door to the next what you will be walking into.

It was a group outing.  I probably would not gone on my own.  I do not plan to go again unless my kids want to go and we are visiting Santa Fe.  I am happy I went, but once is enough for me. 

A madcap adventure through a vividmultimedia museum. A visual feast withMultiple rooms to explore. Art, lights, soundsand optical illusions. Fun for all ages andhighly recommended.

A surprise around every corner.  Loved it.  I just meandered without trying to solve the mystery, just find every hidden space.

This place is unique.  Its fanciful, imaginative, wild, surreal and exhilarating.  You wander about in a dream.  Fun for all ages.  

I planned to do my bachelorette party in Santa Fe so Meow Wolf was definitely on the agenda! My group planned my bachelorette party about three months in advance to accommodate 10 people's schedules. Although Meow Wolf's calendar was not updated to reflect the months we'd be in Santa Fe, we went ahead and purchased 10 Meow Wolf tickets since they are not date-specific. Meow Wolf's website only displays regular and holiday hours. My group already scheduled airfare as well. About a month and a half before our trip to Santa Fe the Meow Wolf calendar still had not been updated, so I reached out via email to Meow Wolf to ask what would be happening during the time my group was going to be in town. Days later I received a response that basically said 'oh no, those dates we're closed for renovations.' There was no attempt to apologize or refund. About two weeks after this incident the Meow Wolf calendar was updated to say they'd be closed a full two days for renovations.The bands at Meow Wolf the night we ended up going were mediocre and I typically like screaming girl bands. After leaving Meow Wolf we found ourselves having a blast at BOXCAR and dancing the rest of the night away.TL;DRMeow Wolf tickets are not date specific. Meow Wolf was planning to be closed on the dates I was planning to fly to Santa Fe, and this was not reflected anywhere on their website until it was late. My group rescheduling everything to go to Meow Wolf which was super lame.

We decided to embark in this weird, crazy adventure and truly enjoyed it!What an amazing work of art!!  Lots of credit to all artists who put this together!!This is a really cool place for all ages.  Maybe a little weird and hard for kids to understand this type of art..? We did enjoy everything and got so exhausted after a while :)  The only thing I didn't enjoy was the two or three girls hanging in there making weird noises and acting retard...  Maybe this is part of the story; not sure, but was a little weird to me listening and seen them acting that crazy every time we passed by the are they were located.  Other than that I highly recommend visiting the Meow Wolf!

Equally amazing for kids and adults.  There's a mystery to solve at the House of Eternal Return, but don't worry if you're no good at mysteries.  The vast majority of us don't give a hoot about it within five minutes of exploring this incredible place.  From sliding through an ordinary dryer that turns out to be a portal to another multiverse through playing a light harp, every tiny corner holds a surprise to the senses.  Take a "five hour energy" drink if you want to keep up with your kids!!!  Well worth it the visit.  Only tiny little downside - beware of buying tickets in advance - they're only good for a month.

This place is insanely crazy, in a great way. Words and pictures don’t do it justice. Think of Alice in Wonderland meets a mild haunted house meets a crazy acid trip (not that I would exactly know lol). We went on a Sunday evening and it wasn’t too busy to explore. Not cheap, but totally worth it while you are in town. Also, buy the $1 3D glasses when you pay for your admission. Even if you only wear them for the first half or off and on they really help enhance the experience. My husband and I are not artsy people and even we felt like kids exploring a fantasyland. 

this type of inter action experience will be the latest innovation to spread to other cites you can spend alll day in there doing amazing things i can't wait until they come to san antonio texas

You cannot prepare yourself for the mind blowing scenarios beyond the entrance of this building. So many freaky ideas come to life here. If you have kids, keep track of them carefully.  It's easy to wander away and I saw a few people looking for their family members.  

Worth the drive, flight, $$, anything that’s keeping you from going.... it’s truly one of best experiences I’ve had!

I have visited twice and have thoroughly enjoyed the immersion experience.  It is a place for kids, teenagers, young adults and even older adults (like me).  Plan a couple of hours - I enjoy going in the evening after dinner.  It is an experience you will talk about.

Meow Wolf was the highlight of our recent visit to Santa Fe, which says a lot because we enjoyed multiple five-star experiences during that trip! We spent about two hours there, could have spent longer if we really wanted to comb over every detail. It is completely worth the money.  The mystery that weaves all the elements together is a lot of fun, and makes the whole experience more engaging. I can't wait to return here with my kids (just my spouse and I went this first time) as I think they will really enjoy it too. I don't recommend it for toddlers who like to wander, as Meow Wolf's maze-like set up would make it a challenge to keep up with little ones who have their own agenda.

What is it? I did not have high expectations, or perhaps any expectations, because - "What is it?" Wow. I suppose it is an interactive, participatory mystery story, that invites you into exploration searching for the answers.  And it is an art installation - where many local artists joined in creating a house and setting that is an alternative reality (in more ways than one). It is an experience. Oh yeah, there's a venue as well.  And a bar. Which is all to say that I was intrigued, challenged, fascinated by the whole experience.  I believe one would have to visit Meow Wolf a number of times, and work pretty hard at it, to find all the clues and solve the narrative. It is not a light-weight production. It is big fun, though. The day we went it was too crowded, but it was balloon fiesta week, and they were slammed. Tickets are not cheap, but the value is there.

OK, I really can’t even explain what this is. It’s so interesting & creative. A fun experience albeit a little pricey. 

Meow wolf is difficult to explain if you haven't been there before. This is because one does not want to give too much away while still trying to express what the experience is like. Meow wolf allows for the adult imagination to play along with the child's imagination. Bring your kids if you have them this is a perfect Playhouse and Discovery area for them. There is a story line behind entering the meow wolf exhibit. After all you need some reason to be there and something to accomplish. This is real life meets Fantasia meets Interstellar meets Stranger Things- but in a three dimensional experience.

This place is always crowded and expensive. It helps if you can purchase a ticket beforehand so you don't have to wait in such a long line.It is fun and I wish I had my grandchildren with me. I enjoyed the varied rooms and unexpected experiences. I felt like I was back in the psychedelic '60's. 

My friend and I are in our 70's and we had a ball. This is not just for children. we had so much fun we could not believe it. A must if you are in Santa Fe, NM. Like nothing you have ever seen. 

Meow Wolf is an oddity with In itself, one just doesn’t have the words to give it the justifiable praise it deserves. Is is part sleuth, detective story, if you wish, or a whimsical funhouse. Is it interactive art, or a design in looking into another dimension. The answer is YES!!!! One must experience it for oneself, differently a must see.

I have no idea why this isn't the top thing to do on TripAdvisor. It was incredible! I don't know how to describe it. It was a weird, hands-on modern art show/playground/mystery/adventure. We went with my parents (in their 60s) and out kids (9 and 11), and everyone had a great time. The sight of my mother climbing into a washing machine is one I'll never forget. If we lived in Santa Fe, we'd definitely visit again. There's a mystery/backstory that we didn't even scratch the surface of, but we still had an amazing time.

We were told this is a “must see” in Santa Fe. It definitely gave us things to talk about for the rest of the evening. If your style of art is “weird”, “strange”, “odd” or unusual, it is an interesting place to see. Lots of color, lights and bizarre themes, with some costumed performers enthralling the smaller children. It seemed like the children, teens and twenty-somethings were really into the hyper stimulation of the exhibits. The interactive nature of many of the pieces made it more interesting. We enjoyed our hour here, but it was a little pricey.  

intelligent & fun, imaginative art at every turn.  Try not to get lost in this space time warp.  late afternoon mid-week is better/less crowded, it is a huge venue & doesn’t feel cramped, lots of areas to sit in zones to experience setting.  don’t miss this on your Santa Fe visit!

This is a must do experience!  It's an interactive, immersive art thing.  Totally worth the time and ticket price.

... and you'll be sure to find something intriguing! It's random, it's weird, and it's fascinating. Be a kid and touch everything, open every door/drawer, and just play for a few hours in a world that doesn't make sense. You can try to solve the mystery or not. Basically, you choose your own adventure at Meow Wolf. If you are adults without kids in tow, try to go on one of their adult nights. You can walk around with a drink and don't have to worry about accidently stepping on a little one as you are rubber-necking to see all the wild and wonderful things inside. I find this to be a great way to spend a couple of hours in Santa Fe. And there are craft brewers/distilleries nearby.

We'd heard this was 'THE' place to go in Santa Fe.  It's an art collective display with a really interesting theme.  Do your homework and learn more about it (I won't spoil it for you!).  As you walk in the front door at the beginning of the exhibit, there is information to help you figure out what's happened here.  There are clues everywhere just waiting for you to figure out how things go together.  Something for people of all ages to experience.  We actually walked through it twice after we figured out what was going on.  

This is one of the most amazing places I've ever been ! Everywhere you walk is a surprise . . . Each room is so unique! From climbing out of the dryer, to walking into the refrigerator and ending up - who knows where!!!!

It's really hard to review this awesome place as it is an immersive experience different for everyone.  All I can say is WOW - just wish I had had more time to spend there.  Very cool.  If you go, plan to spend 3 - 4 hours, take the audio tour and download the Anamoly app to get the full experience.

Different, unique, strange, artistic, interactive, silly and fun fun fun. This in a must visit attraction in Santa Fe. Put your silliness on and have fun for two hours. You will not be disappointed.

Adult playground! Filled with hilarious and fun adventures! Always crowded, but worth seeing! Highly recommended!

This place has to be experienced to be believed, it's just that great. My husband and I spent hours exploring the mind-altering freaky goodness and we could have stayed a lot longer. Kids would love this place too! You're in a old house solving a mystery---what REALLY happened to that kid? Clues everywhere. Secret passages everywhere. And these passages take you to other dimensions. The colors, the sounds, the unexpected surprises. Nothing is as it appears, it's always something more. If we lived in Santa Fe we'd be here every weekend. They need to hurry up and open the one in Vegas, that's a lot closer to us! Also, there is a cafe. So you can walk your feet off, come out and have something to eat  or drink (they sell adult beverages, too), then get back in there. Never assume you've seen everything, you're sure to have missed stuff. Love LOVE this place.

This place is totally awesome. All ages will have fun here. It is a great place to visit. It is like falling down a rabbit hole.

Plan on spending hours here. This is like reading a book and physically walking into the story line. Every turn leads to another page as you travel through this amazing adventure through every turn and wormholes, secret passages and tunnels, stairways, climbs and crawling depending where your choice leads you... lots of neon and fluorescent colors. Great way to spend the day alone or with friends.

I took my teenage boys and we had a blast. Almost everything is interactive and everything definitely keeps your brain engaged. We are planning another trip there in a few months. So worth it! 

Yep, it's weird. Art - definitely in the eye of the beholder but it's fun to interact with the various rooms and never know where you're going to end up. It takes your mind to a new level because there is no predictability or logic.

Although although they don't want us to post photos of inside there is a story to the Art Exhibit. I watched a young boy enter the lobby area and his eyes got so big with excitement. We enjoyed it very much. We recommend.

We visited Meow Wolf on a cold, rainy, Sunday. It was really very cool. It definitely gives a new dimension to art - you wander and climb through the interactive exhibits. They have 3D glasses for sale ($1 each) which added to the experience. It was nice to see so many young people (kids, teenagers, young adults) so excited about art. Definitely had a Twilight Zone/David Lynch feel to it. 

Is a rare ocassion when you can say a place is truly unique.  The combo of art, playground, clue kind of experience is awesome.  I haven't seen anything like this anywhere else.  If you are looking for a cultural experience in terms of a classic "museum" it might dissapoint you.  But surely will leave an impression on you.  And definetly is one of the key landmarks on the new art scene in Santa Fe.Even if you don´t like it will not leave you without an impression.

Amazing place, lights and sounds, incredible creations, Lot of fun and imagination. A must visit. No matter your age

This was a wonderful experience.  There were exciting and fun things around every corner (even in the refrigerator!)  The only thing that could be improved would be if it were accessible to those with mobility issues.

My tag line says it all. Many interactive amusements. Could be a using fun for Adults as well as children.  I say "could be" a using as many of the interactive amusements are not handicap friendly getting to and through.  I'm handicapped. I've encountered a bit of indifference from the employees regarding this. This is the flagship installation, one has been proposed for Las Vegas, Nevada.

If you like weird, abstract art and puzzles, then this is for you. I, however, do not. I was curious at first, then bored and we left after about 45 minutes. They said to allow 2-3 hours for the entire exhibit...

You just have to go to experience this installation.  It's like nothing you've ever experienced.  Fabulous!

Dedicate a good chunk of your day to this amazing place. Words can’t describe it, i was taken aback by the size and creativity. 

I was prepared to get in and get out quick. I can’t think of anything I’d want to do for two hours except maybe eat and drink lol... We wound up in meow wolf for over 2 hours! And I wanted to stay longer. Something cool around every corner, not only that we back tracked just to see what else we could see that we had missed. Friendly staff and the whole thing was just cool

Meow Wolf is not a museum, except that it is! Your experience will be determined on how much time you spend and your willingness to simply have fun. All of the art throughout Meow Wolf has been created by members of the collective who have turned this former bowling alley into a place for which words simply don’t do justice. Sure, there are loads of locations in Santa Fe, but Meow Wolf deserves a visit; you will not be disappointed!

We were told by more than one of our Uber drivers to go see this "interactive" art museum.  We just didn't know what that meant or what to expect and this just blew our minds!  Our teenage son absolutely loved it!  It's crazy fun!!  It was really crowded when we went and from what I observed is I wouldn't recommend for kids under maybe 6.  Not that anything is inappropriate but some of the larger rooms and displays could be a little overwhelming for the littles. Plus they could easily get lost in this place.  This is a HUGE building with lots of nooks and crannies. Also I might not recommend this for  children/ people with sensory issues---they might get overloaded.  Pre-teen and teenagers would all absolutely love this place!  Just my opinions.  We absolutely loved this place--it was so much fun!

You can tell that these designing artists have seen the series "Stranger Things." The whole place is amazingly weird and fun, but don't miss the (5, I think) videos about the anomaly. Truly a work of futuristic art that relates to the now. Also, with so many twists, turns, doorways and portals, I found it hard to keep track of my husband and he me. I don't know how parents would keep an eye on their kids! 0

This is a fun place. Kids love it. The story line is fun and engaging. I liked climbing through everything and discovering new outlets to different rooms.What amazed me to most was how clean everything was. When you see it, you’ll wonder how they keep up with the dust alone!

This is a place that I highly recommend to visit. It is utterly amazing to see what these artists have put together in one place. No words can really explain what it is but I highly recommend going to check it out.

Meow Wolf if a very unique experience. You enter a home inside the building and are transported to many other worlds. Every nook and cranny is a new experience. Lots of sights, sounds, stairs, and climbing in and out of things you never thought you would! Definitely worth a visit!. If you are uptight, have to have things in perfect order, and can't handle "different" just go to the art museum instead. If you like to experience things, come here!!

Was highly recommended to go, though not sure what to expect. Have to experience this hands-on, open-minded, creative artist "museum". 

This was a crazy interestingly and trippy  immersive art experience that I should like no other.  It was crowded on the day that we went, which made it hard to feel totally connected to th experience.  We paid an extra dollar each for the special glasses, which did enhance some parts of the exhibit - but thy were so cheap that they wouldn’t stay on.  These should have been included in the price of admission given their cheapness.  I was impressed that most pieces of the exhibit were in good shape or otherwise functional considering the amount of people handling everything. Kudos to the museum staff for their diligence. This was a mind bending experience that will stay with me for a long time.  Highly recommended.

Plan to spend at least three hours exploring all of the exhibits and Victorian house in which a family once lived and left logs and diaries for visitors to read. Open a bookshelf, crawl through the fireplace, enter the washing machine, go through the refrigerator, ascend a very narrow winding staircase, push buttons for lights and music, and so many more interactive activities that are great fun for ALL ages.  Bravo Meow Wolf!

My SIL lives in Los Lunas not too far away and thought this would be a great place to visit... my boys, 8 & 10, loved it.  We took the whole family and had a blast.  While my teenage nieces wandered off trying to solve the clues, my husband, two boys, mother in law and I just wandered around enjoying the weirdness.This place was crowded and a bit confusing... but we didn't mind.  It was an experience and we loved every minute of it.My aunt who lives in Rhode Island would have loved this place so we bought her a souvenir... a geisha body with a dinosaur head... she loved it.  That is what this place is like... taking the normal and making it weird and RAD!!!

It's hard to really determine what this really is - is it an interactive art museum or some other immersive experience ?  There is a plethora of conceptualization occurring in this place. A mystery, or mysteries, to be determined and solved. Put on your thinking cap, yes ?  Or just have fun !!

Visited with some friends over Labor Day weekend and had such a fun time! We were celebrating so after getting out wrist bands at the front desk we headed over to the bar and grabbed some fun, delicious drinks. Thank you Carlos for being the best bartender and giving us excellent drink suggestions! After our drinks we entered the installation and had hours of excitement, adventure and curiosity as we tried to figure out the mystery of the anomaly. There are so many hidden rooms to find and fun clues to read, touch and move around. The Meow Wolf employees were very helpful and if we got stuck with something would give a hint to help. I adored this art experience and recommend it to anyone visiting Santa Fe. It's very group and family friendly. 

There are literally no words to describe it. I have been here at least 25 times and it still baffles me. Childlike wonder for the whole family, spend a whole day getting lost in a universe you never fathomed. Its really an incredible place. I highly recommend going for a concert because it ends up being the same price or even cheaper and the whole exhibit is open along with the concert, so you get the most out of it!

Sencory overload! Really cool story, crazy detail, every corner, every room something new. I'm so glad I drove from California to visit this place, if even for just a few hours. Taking home some treasures, couldn't resist. Will be back with friends.

I went to this place because my wife really wanted to go. I didn't really think I would enjoy it that much. I have visited many museums & while I liked most of them I cannot say there has been one I that I was really fascinated with... until Meow Wolf. I can't really describe this place but it is so cool It is worth going to Santa Fe just to see it. There is so much detail & creativity I was just overwhelmed. I absolutely loved it. It is definitely the coolest Museum  I have ever seen. I could really recommend it to anyone.

I give this 5 stars, my husband gives it maybe 2. If you are young or young at heart you will Love this avant garde museum with its bizarre creations. Our 10 year old grandson would love it, and i think so would our 4 year old grandson. I'm 68 and thought it was one of the most unusual, pleasurable experiences i've had. One hour was adequate to be delighted with the fantastical displays and set-ups; but if you are young at heart you could probably do at least two hours. I would make a special trip to Denver and Las Vegas when their Meow Wolf museums, each with different themes/exhibits are completed in a couple years! - Parking was a problem.

This is such a unique place with so much to discover.  Especially if you have children.  But even adults will enjoy.  If you have the opportunity, definately see it.

Unique, fun, colorful, creative, interactive, crazy! SO hard to describe this unusual experience — you must see it!!  Where else will you see adults crawling through a refrigerator or washing machine to see what world exists on the other side?!

We went to Meow Wolf to check out the art installation / puzzle.  It was really cool!  Buy your ticket beforehand so you can skip the line (we bought ours on my phone while in the line and moved over to the short reservations line).  The rooms inside are really interesting.  Only downsides are tons of people and germs (tons of kids).  Fun way to spend a few hours.

The advertising for this unusual venue talks about its being an art installation.  It was certainly interesting and fun to wander through, but I’ll not sure about the art part of it.  We spent two hours with lots of families but to figure out the puzzle or point, you need to sit down and read letters and newspapers and journals and it’s pretty distracting given the crowds.  Don’t pay for the audio tours.  Definitely not worth the trouble or expense.  You’re moving too quickly through the rooms. 

We visit art galeries and museums, but this was sooo different - both in terms of the variety of the art and the degree to which it encouraged interaction. It was both fun and impressive. The whole family, particularly our children enjoyed it enormously.

It was just my husband and myself (2 senior citizens) and we spent 4 hours there.  We climbed, scooted, crawled, and tested every possible "trigger' in all the rooms.  We had a great time and we were able to get a day bus pass for seniors for $1 to get there and back from our hotel in the railroad arts district.

My husband and I are 75, and our daughter is 48, and we all loved it!  It was our daughter’s third visit!  It was a Never Neverland experience, and we were overjoyed be the artistic creativity which we experienced as outstanding!  Brilliant minds came up with the concepts and interactive experiences!  And, we loved the philosophy of the importance of self acceptance and the importance of good and evil in this world.  We believe that there is something in this museum for all ages from small children to geriatrics.  We found ourselves with tears of joy and tears of sadness in the exhibits!  We spent almost four hours relishing the extraordinary museum!  Go with no expectations, and you will love it!

This place is awesome, from the creator of, Game of Thrones, comes this fantastic place where interaction is encouraged with the displays and surroundings. My daughter said it best, " you will either love it or hate it", this sums it up. You are transformed into a world like, Alice in Wonderland, you will be lost in sensory stimulation from touch, smell, temp and light play. I believe we are blessed to have this so close.

      Our family of four (1 teen, 1 tween) could not spend enough time at this unique attraction.  I think we spent between three and four hours, and we all wished we could stay longer. There are so many levels of experience, there's a Meow Wolf for everyone.  You can sift through the narrative elements and chase the "mystery," or you can explore the space as a purely sensory adventure.  Either way, our family grants Meow Wolf "must-see" status, although too much description here will spoil the thrill of discovery for potential guests.      As a fussy parent concerned with safety, I was very impressed with the number of staff on hand who constantly, unobtrusively monitor the action.  Also, I was pleasantly surprised to see staffers routinely wiping down handrails and other surfaces with cleanser.  Thank you!      Parents should be aware that children are not permitted to run wild in the exhibit and are to be kept under close supervision at all times.  This could prove difficult due to the many intriguing passageways that might literally transport your curious child to another dimension in the blink of an eye.  Proceed with utmost caution.  At some point during your visit, every member of your party will be pulling in a different direction to investigate something that catches his or her eye.  Before that happens, before you even pull into the parking lot, make sure young children understand the importance of staying with their group.  Stay safe and have fun!

This place is amazing for visual, auditory and tactile learning.  So many interesting things to see, hear, and feel.  It's an imaginative child's dream.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because sometimes, with so many people and small spaces, the air can get a little stale with BO.

I brought my grandchildren to Meow Wolf and they loved it.  You walk through a door and suddenly you are in a different world.  They especially enjoyed the challenge of solving the mystery and finding clues along the way.  Wonderful family entertainment.

One of the most amazing experiences, can't explain it, you must experience it. Im an empty nester - Fun for all ages!

Incredible place! We went in a bit sceptical as adults following two kids, but quickly were absorbed and felt like in a strange fairy tale. A must do for all. All ages.

Meow Wolf is a very difficult place to explane. It is a very strange but cool at the same time kind if place.   It really makes you think and also imagine. Its great for all ages.

Be an active participant or just wonder around.  Either way is great.  Tips: Go on a weekday and get there before they open because this place gets packed out.  Also they do not allow large backpacks in so only take what you need.  There are a lot of black light features so wear white clothes and enjoy walking around.  They also have a small gift shop at the end.

I wasn't sure what to expect at this museum.  There was a long line to get in, but it moved quickly (a Friday afternoon).  We were delighted once we got inside.  It's the quirkiest place I've ever been.  The best part was the refrigerator that was actually a passage to another room.  We were here for hours.  So entertaining and unique.  

This place is crazy. Be open, have Fun! Get Loose and enjoy whats around. We spent about two hours there.

Meow Wolf is one of a kind. From the offset, it seems like one big Alice in Wonderland maze of oddities and lights. You might get a cheap thrill from face vaue, but there's much more to Meow Wolf for you to discover. Each room is crafted with intent and tells a story, interweaving through the various rooms of the house. A must-see in Santa Fe.

Life is what you make it, and so is this experience. Fact is, the Meow Wolf artists collective has put together quite an impressive display of sensory stimuli and what you do with it is entirely up to you. Want to try to take it all in on the most basic "overview" level? Then I'd recommend that you are in good physical shape and you dedicate at minimum two hours to exploring the "house" at the center of a fictional family's physical disappearance (with its many wormhole passages into multiple and parallel fantasy pop art dreamscapes). It's a trip, even on the surface. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND at least one visit. And you can take it from there as you are so inspired.

Enjoyable, although crowded. Badly written "mystery" theaters with no real clues and "anyone could have done it, we picked this one today" endings have spoiled all sleuthing venues for me, so I can't really speak to the quality of the venue's story. While I know some who return to "The House of Eternal Return" again and again, for me and our party, we were all glad we came, but probably won't be back.For maximum enjoyment, OPEN ALL THE THINGS!

MeowWolf was very interesting and fun. There were plenty of people around to help and it was very clean. There is lots of sensory stimulation. It was fun.

WOW!!! I had heard of Meow Wolf but had never gone each time I visited in New Mexico. In August, my husband and I took our three grandsons, ages 6, 12, and 14, to Meow Wolf. We had a blast!! After crawling through a fireplace (into secret rooms beyond), I knew this place was going to be amazing, and it certainly was! On the second Sundays of each month, New Mexico residents get discounted rates (need to show proof of residency). Once you pay your entrance fee, youll get an in/out priviledge bracelet - this was great because after a few hours we were ready for lunch (a McDonald's is .3 miles away), so we left, ate and returned to Meow Wolf for another 2 hours.  I highly enourage visitors to take your time and try to read all of the clues and solve the mystery.....Get to Meow Wolf as soon as it opens as youll avoid long lines. Two new Meow Wolf locations are in the works - one in Las Vegas (opening in 2019) and one in Denver (don't know opening date). This REALLY is a MUST-SEE!!!!!!!

This place is a sensory overload, but a blast. You have to make sure you have plenty of time to go through it all....or at least more than 1-2 hours.We have to go back .   Its especially good for young people to experience!       Teresa Roe        Los Linas, NM

Mystery house/ art museum this place is busting with creativity that is totally interactive. Our kids are 15 and 9. The older child tried to follow the mystery and find the clues but it’s pretty complex. The younger child got separated from us and was scared because there are so many rooms to see... it’s like a maze... but we were reunited! So much to see that it overstimulates the mind and senses. Watch your head in some of the rooms,two members of our family knocked their heads so hard they saw stars but overall... great place to visit! Would definitely go again! Expect to spend at least 2-3 hrs there!

My husband and I have been to Meow Wolf twice since we've lived in New Mexico and we love it!  It is impossible to explain how cool the experience is in a few sentences.  If you are in Santa Fe, Meow Wolf needs to be one of your stops!  The tickets are good for the entire day, so you can some and go as you please!  There are also food trucks in the parking lot, which is super convenient.

Meow Wolf is definitely not like anywhere else you will go to see installation art. Unless you go to another Meow Wolf! LOL! We spent a little over 2 hrs there and I'm pretty sure we got to see everything and experience as much interaction as we could handle. It is a little overwhelming for the senses! (if you are sensitive to blinking lights or lots of sounds, this is probably not the place for you.) We went mid-day and it was very busy. I do think they should cut down the number of people allowed to be in there at one time so it is more mysterious. Also, not a great place for young children! I wouldn't bother taking your kids there unless they are grade school age. There were a lot of young ones running around and it's hard to tell if they are supervised or not. I tripped over many of them. It is definitely a more adult experience though I understand when you travel with kids, it's hard to trust a babysitter at a hotel. We really enjoyed the B&W cartoon kitchen, the red harp lights, the "mold" & piping that you can smack to make sounds. As an Canadian artist & curator (40 yrs old if that matters), I found there to be a lot of talent and ingenuity within the MW walls... I would love to go back for a concert though I'm not sure I would want to go back unless they make major changes to the exhibit. Best of luck to all the participants! It's an amazing thing the original group conceived many years ago. Really glad I finally got to go!

What happens when a bunch of artists take over a big warehouse building and turn it into a kind of "theme park"? There are no "rides" but there are plenty of very strange things to do and see. My partner and I were among the oldest people there, and clearly the major appeal of the place is to kids. It was very crowded, and pretty much is all day long. The place is wildly popular, and you are strongly urged to buy tickets in advance, as the will-call line is much shorter!My partner described the place as being like "Chucky Cheese on peyote," and that isn't too far off: psychedelic, interactive, surreal, science fiction, all those terms could be applied to this place. Delightfully tacky in some places. I loved the wall of altered cereal boxes. There also is something that seems like a normal "house," except if you open the refrigerator, you find it's a door into an all-white realm of fantasy. This mix of the familiar and the strange makes Meow Wolf full of discoveries. If you're shy or claustrophobic, this might not be the place for you. If you're looking for a high-art experience, well, there are plenty of museum in Santa Fe to choose from. This was really fun!

I really enjoyed it! It is quite fun, unusual. One of the family members described it as an eclectic antique mall, in the dark, splashed with neon, with perfect vignettes. Quite crowded.

Regardless of whether you dive into this crazy maze with abandon or enter it cautiously, it will be a unique and  kaleidoscopic experience.   There are hidden passageways, singing dinosaurs, multi-colored lights, There's a mystery to be solved and each room contains clues that are easy to overlook.    The most ardent detectives take hours to uncover the story behind the facade.   We spent considerably less time than that but still enjoyed it thoroughly, as did the large number of children and parents who moved from room to room.

Had no idea what to expect and was greeted by a world of curiosity. Feel like a kid again exploring this crazy otherworldly interactive playground. Definitely worth a few hours of entertainment! 

My wife went to see this place a year ago with her sister in Albuquerque and another sister and grandchildren from Texas.  She called me and told me how amazing it was so when we paid a visit to Taos this month, we took a side trip down to Santa Fe to see Meow Wolf.  This place was designed and built with kids in mind but adults will love it too.  It's totally different and extremely creative.  I'm not a creative enough writer to properly describe this attraction in a review.  Go see it.  You won't be disappointed.  By the way, it opens at 10:00 AM.  Don't arrive much later than that as the ticket line gets long.  You can purchase your tickets in advance.

Meow Wolfe is an adventure with many strange twists and turns to different elaborate "portals" and a mystery with clues spread throughout. It's fun for all ages. Our family is from 1 to 71 years old and all of us enjoyed it at different levels.A tip: If you eat at Tortilla Flats - a great restaurant in front of Meow Wolfe, you can get a 20% discount on admission.

Interactive sensory immersive art. Go early before the crowds. This can be experienced on many different levels. There are stories within stories. Take your time and soak it in! I have been three times. Installations may get modified or replaced, so it evolves.

This place was out of the ordinary. All I can really say about it. I won’t post a lot of pics since this is the type of place to just be surprised with everything. And I did take a lot of pics! I would highly recommend this for at least a one time experience. And if you have children or grandchildren, please take them! You can enjoy their wonder through their eyes. It had a certain Alice in Wonderland or Willy Wonka experience I would say.  Have fun and enjoy. And as for the teenagers. Drop them off for a few hours and let them enjoy themselves while you have some time for yourselves.

Ok, let me start by saying people in Australia are taking notice of Meow Wolf..Melbourne would be a great location!  That said, our Aussie teenager guest was pumped about going to Meow Wolf.  The price of admission, without live music events, is a bit steep, but since we spent over 2 hrs scampering through the maze of tactile, visual and auditory craziness, it was worth it!  The clues keep kids occupied and pressing on, but from an adult stand point, I loved the lights, colors, sounds, and touches...where can I get a shaggy easy chair?!  Take lots of pictures, and stop frequently to take in the Alice-in-Wonderland-on-acid-like sensory experience.  I would definitely refrain from visiting on Friday or Saturday——very crowded, aside from the concerts which looked stellar.  This is a great way to spend some time, logged out and jacked in, where your senses take over and drive for awhile.  After you’re done, hit the snow cone hut and the food trucks in the parking lot...be prepared to wait a bit as the some time, stoned patrons create quite a scene fumbling through the offerings to satisfy their munchies.  Nice job on the fabrication and curation of all the rooms—-I can’t wait to experience Las Vegas to see what Meow Wolf has to offer.  Delicious to the senses!

The website said Interactive Art -- so I was unprepared to find something more like a funhouse! Seventy rooms of craziness, some decorated like a house, with clues to the family who 'lives' there, while other rooms are decorated like nothing you've ever seen! Walk through an aquarium, a music room where you can play dinosaur bones, a ship's bridge, a space ship, a black and white room, or slip through the refrigerator or the dryer into a secret passageway to another time. Crazy fun. NOTE: Don't go if you are claustrophobic or dislike strobing lights.

Such an interesting Place!! My nieces/nephews loved it! It makes you think out of your comfort box and that's always amazing. Not meant for anyone who has trouble with tiny spaces, if your an adult you get to be a kid again. Let your imagination run!  My favorite was the washer you can lose yourself in.

We took our 15 year old granddaughter on vacation to Santa Fe and  had seen this on line and thought she would be interested. We all loved it ! So much to see and do. Lots of rooms connected in fun ways. Go through the refrigerator , or a tunnel of TVs. Nothing I’ve ever seen like it!

First of all I’d like to start by saying I’m a person who enjoys art, music and a good storyline. You can't rush art! All this said, I fully enjoyed what Meow Wolf had to offer, and I actually think I even solved the mystery!  *SEE BELOW FOR MY SPOILER NOTES!You really have to take your time to read, listen, figure puzzles/pictures out to enjoy the mystery/storyline. Bring your cell phone as you'll need to do a few online searches. I noticed a lot of people rushing thru the rooms without barely a notice of what each room meant and how each room/area was tied to a person of interest in the storyline. Each family member has dreams! It was an aha moment when I realized that!If one doesn’t have time for the storyline, then by all means, just go and enjoy the rabbit hole of psychedelic art, surprise portals, different ways of looking/listening at each space with a boundless imagination and be in wonder and awe of all that The Meow Wolf Collective put together! :)* Spoiler notes: Pay attention to everything visually. Learn about each of the family members and what their "creative gift" is. Ask yourself what does "twins, aliens, animals and wormholes" have to do with the storyline. And lastly, pay attention to dual meanings: i.e. chaos/order, boy/girl, black/white, yin/yan, future/past, top/bottom, good/bad, art/engineering... I'm posting just a few not so interesting "spoiler" pictures. ENJOY!

Meow Wolf is a treat for the senses. Unfortunately, we went during peak time because it's all we could fit in but it was still amazing. We only had about 2.5 hours and I wish we had more. You can just wander around and enjoy the surface of it or dig in and look for all the clues and puzzles. I also recommend buying tickets online. It will save you a lot of time getting in if there is a line.

Read up on Meow Wolf and then go. So many surprises await you, just be ready to crawl around and open every door. Way fun. 

I was only able to spend one hour here with a friend, but I have to say it was really fun. We tried finding the story behind the clues that are all over the place. It’s definitely a place to go with or without kids if you are looking to be continuously stimulated. It’s amazing the spatial connections between the rooms and the underlying story that is carried throughout. Must try!

Lots of fun and you can spend an hour to all day.  Kids were living it.   Make sure you go online and buy tickets which you can send to your smart phone. There is a shorter line for those that pre-buy.  

We’ve never seen anything like this!We found out about it in an airline catalog while flying on another trip. Since it was so memorable and the ad really piqued our curiosity, it inspired our entire New Mexico summer vacation! We’ve had a wonderful time exploring many places in New Mexico. Definitely make a place for Meow Wolf on your travel agenda. If I lived here, I’d hang out there often! 

We went there with our 15 and 10 year old daughters. We had a lot of fun. We ran out of time. We only had two hours before they closed. The mystery was really hard to solve. We finally just decided to walk around and see all the cool art and designs. Very fun and fun for whole family. 

I felt like a kid again! This place is amazing! Both my husband and I was delighted with the creative and imagination that was on display. Brilliant! 

Meow Wolf is the delightfully odd lovechild of Alice in Wonderland, the trolls from Frozen and David Bowie. It's a stunning self-curated maze of art installations in a repurposed bowling alley just 5 miles outside of downtown Santa Fe.If you're coming to town, this is a must-see for all ages. Support local arts and get yourself over here right meow.Pro Tips:- Preorder tickets to avoid the line- Plan at least 2 hours to fully experience the space- Come with your most adventurous friends- Prepare for an unusual journey of nostalgia, modern art and surprises

Honestly, my first thought walking in was, "WTF this is Hipster AF!" I had no idea what to expect. Coming from LA, friends told me I would be delightfully surprised. The first couple minutes were weird, but then you can't help but get totally immersed into the narrative. And I don't even really like art all that much. You follow this family, and kid, while trying to put pieces together to figure out the story. After reading about it online, it was super cool to learn over 200 artists build this thing over 18 months. I couldn't stop talking about it after we left. If you go to Sante Fe and Don't go to Meow Wolf - YOU MISSED OUT!

OK I was very excited to go here, once I was inside I was complexly amazed at how much of everything going on there was.  Incredible attack on the visual senses.  Awesome!!

This place is like nothing I’ve ever seen. So much fun and creativity. We spent 2 hours and left from exhaustion because there’s so much to see and do. When the line is long, buy your tickets on your cell (no added service charge) and skip the line. Fun for kids and adults.

Did I say early? Yes I did “go early! We got there at 9:30, but I recommend being there at 9 when they open. This is a great adventure for all ages. We were a family of five ages 62 to 19 & all had an outstanding time. You can spend hours in this place. BUY YOUR TICKETS BEFORE YOU ARRIVE! This allows you to skip to a priority line.Not easy place if you are handicapped where as you can’t climb stairs, crawl though stuff, duck very low into areas, or sad to say very over weight.

The greatest social media sensation since the ice bucket challenge, every kid and their snapchat account wants to post from here, so I had to see it for myself when in New Mexico this month.            **First Timer Tips**** Set expectations to Medium -- there's tons of hype around The Meow, but sky high expectations are hard to meet. Better to go in expecting the unexpected. Try to stay away from doing too much research-- watching videos, etc.  Going in with little to no idea of what's inside makes the trip a lot more trippy.  * Go early -- The less people (and families) the better your experience. As it gets crowded, there's a feeling of being rushed through the experiences, as others try to get it. Go early or find an off-peak time to go and take your time.* Bring the kids, but only if you must -- The Meow seems to have gotten a reputation as a kids playland, and in part that's true. But i found the whole installation aimed at trying to provide adults with a decidedly childlike experience.  After about an hour, i was playing with the blocks on the walls, pushing rings through spirals and laughing spontaneously.  Leave your reason at the door and slip through the rabbit hole. I'm tempted to give this a full five stars, because for me personally, it was a five star, fun factor experience.  But dirty installations, worn furniture and a general dingy undertone knock this psychedelic playland sci-fi story/mystery down the one notch. Just two years old, it's already time to close it down and clean it up a bit as the whole place is showing wear. That being said, it was a positively delightful way to spend my morning, but i'm really glad i went early. i was there within an hour of opening and the parking lot was full. by the time i left, nearly three hours later (yeah, i got that into it), the line was nearly out the door.  There is an underlying sci-fi mystery running through the themes (so to speak) of The Meow and i suspect if i lived closer i'd spend quite a bit of time here trying to  unravel this mystery, as i saw several families doing together on the day i was there.  It's not for everyone, but for those who want jump in, it's a plunge worth taking.

This is an art installation, mystery scavenger type of experience.  Young children had fun just running around and looking at all the 'stuff.'  Families with teens were there with the purpose of figuring out the mystery.  It is a unique experience.  Go early or get tickets on-line and then you can come and go all day as it may be a too much sensory bombardment at one time for some people.  There is a small cafe and food trucks outside so food and drink and respite are available.

This place was awesome, my GF and I spent about 2-3 hours going through the whole thing. The first couple times you enter a "portal" are the best. I highly recommend going in knowning nothing like I did and it truely is a sensory overload, we couldn't really figure out the mystery puzzle thing but even then just exploring all the different dimensions was awesome. I hate to be that guy, but they really need an adults only day or hours. The amount of kids running around and screaming in such tight quarters was really over whelming my GF and I actually had to walk out of the house at one point because we were surrounded by 30+ screaming kids. Otherwise 5 stars, one of the coolest art exhibits, that you actually "experience". One kid hogged the computer which was part of the puzzle the enter time we were there. Not sure where his parents were but uncool.

After stopping by to only the visit gift shop I finally went to the exhibit. It was fun and a good excuse to play. I wish more info about the artists was available at the venue however. 

Meow Wolf has been a sensational hit since its opening. In the short time it has been open it has already had 1M paying customers pass through!!! My family and friends have visited many times and visitors from out of town always want to go see it. MW also has live music on special nights. This is an ever changing artist show case and is alive with action and interactive entertainment. Don’t miss it!!!

This is an art experience like no other. My 6-year-old and I had the time of our lives here. It could be overwhelming for very small children or someone who is sensitive to light and/or sound. For us it was an exciting experience full of wonder. We played, climbed and explored for hours. The House of Eternal Return, with its hidden doors and secret passages, was a highlight for my son. For older kids and adults, there is also a mystery that you can try to solve. I definitely recommend getting there early. We went at 10 am and parking lot was full. We had only a short wait to get in, but when we left in the early afternoon there was a huge line. Closed on Tuesdays!

We wanted to come back.  the tickets were good for the entire day, but we had so much other to do we were too tired by the end of the day.  I cant explain, there is too much.  let me sum up:  go into a haunted /science fiction /time and space and dimentional (yes it is demented), travel through odd places, like freezers, dryers, refrigerators, fireplaces, windows, all manner of unconventional wonderous places, even drive a vertical bus which looks as if it will take off into space.  (this is only a tiny bit of what awaits you inside).

Well it is unique. Shiny things, flashy lights, places to climb through, into and over, but honestly it doesn’t do much for me. Lots of pseudo mysteriousness going on but no connections, just playful goofiness. As I said, children will love it, it’s a big funhouse. PS. Parking is limited.

Absolutely hands down, Meow Wolf was the weirdest and most enjoyable experience while travelling. We did manage to hit the venue on a very busy Thursday afternoon so didn't even attempt to solve the mystery but instead immersed ourselves in the Meow Wolf world. So many interactive and hands on experiences to enjoy not to mention the incredible staff who randomly showed up to engage visitors in a vignette. Meow Wolf is full of hidden passages (in washers, fridges and bookcases), musical bones, mirrors, neon lights, strange creatures and mystical rooms. We were told that while the place closed at 8pm, there is an adult only entry with your wrist band from 8-10 pm if one wanted a little quieter time to work on the mystery. Fantastic facilty and excited to see what Denver and Las Vegas will do.

Quirky, weird, strange,odd, interesting, magical... a very unique place. An indoor jungle gym of art!

This place was SO unique & interesting! We just got lost in it looking around. Never seen anything like this . It’s great for families!  But I could see it being a great place for a first date too! It’s a must see if you’re in Santa Fe & like art! 

We had so much fun! Out of the two weeks we spent on vacation, this summer, Meow Wolf was the most exciting, memorable stop we made. The kids loved it! My husband and I would like to come back by ourselves, so that we could stop to read more of the clues (and better grasp the story,) but even at the level of the kids' attention span, we had a wonderful time.Caveat: There are some spaces that are meant to be off-limits, but are still accessible to small children who can squeeze past obstacles. We had a scare when our toddler slipped past a computer podium and out onto the top of the mammoth skeleton. We sent another kid out to grab her, but would have appreciated being able to find a staff member to unlock the access door in a hurry.All's well that ends well. It probably wouldn't have been possible to navigate the space with the toddler in a backpack (too awkward and narrow) so I'm still pretty confident we made the right choice to let her walk. Maybe other parents have done the backpack thing...? I know we saw some babies strapped in that way.

Currently, this is the only one in the country. It is a cool concept, however we could not get into the mystery of it. The actual physical space is very cool to walk through and explore. We believe there must have been some CBD involved in the development of the concept and art that make up Meow Wolf. It serves as a music venue also. The bar serves specialty cocktails with mixologist who add their own touch to common concoctions. The cost is $25 for non-NM residents and concerts are extra. Overall, cool to experience but can’t say we’d go back by ourselves. 

This place is unlike anything I have ever experienced.  There is a surprise around every corner with crazy rooms, crawl spaces and artistic displays.  Wear comfortable clothing, and be prepared to spend some time there.  They do not allow backpacks (mine was a small, purse style).

I had a great time at this "art experience".  My grandchildren were overwhelmed and frankly frightened at first.  It is noisy and for they had to be talked entering many of the exhibit rooms.  The four year old screamed and refused to enter the "house" at all until the staff showed her dad an alternative to entering through the "fire place tunnel".Once they got used to the noise and chaos; they began to enjoy it.  Now they want me to take them back when they visit NM again.

First of all, I recommend checking out their website so you are aware of what you are getting yourself into. This is NOT a museum, but a unique approach to art....incorporating all mediums of the fine arts. With that said, it was a very psychedelic experience. Bright colors, eclectic sculpture and architecture, and unusal theatrical performances made this place a fun experience for all ages. There are some areas that are hard to get around and some elements that may be scarier for younger children (but not too bad). Just when we thought we had explored the entire place, we kept finding new hidden rooms...so, you definitely want to dedicate at least 2 hours to your exploration. One downside is the crowd...you can find clues to help you thru the experience, but waiting for the crowds of people to get thru reading and watching said clues makes it a little frustrating. It was a bit pricey, but I'm not complaining...it was fun to experience at least once. The sensory glasses to "enhance" colors were only a dollar...but it isn't necessary for the experience. I would recommend buying ONE pair for your entire group and just pass around when they are appropriate to use. Overall, we enjoyed this unique experience put together by many different types of artists. 

We loved Meow Wolf! Great for kids and adults of all ages. You get a loose beginning story and from there put together your own tale of what happened. So much fun.

My grandchildren really liked this colorful museum. It is quite a popular attraction, so if you are visiting during tourist season, be prepared to wait. But according to my grandkids enthusiasm, it is well worth it! 

When we arrived we were surprised to find that at 4pm on a Friday there was already a line out the door to get into Meow Wolf.  You can't see or do much from the line so expect to be bored for about a half hour if there is a line.  But you likely won't be bored once you enter the attraction.I guess the idea is there are clues hidden throughout the attraction and you can work to solve these clues.  But as first time visitors we read 2 clues and said that's enough of that and stopped and just worked on exploring the rooms.  However I did find the missing hampster (one of the 2 clues we read).  But we saw people looking for hidden writing and people just sitting at tables looking for clues.  We were a little too overwhelmed for participation to that level.My boyfriend is still talking about it 2 weeks later but personally I couldn't see myself going back unless I lived locally.  Locals are probably the ones trying to solve all the clues and I am sure they likely change clues around to keep people coming back.But it is worth a visit if you are in town.  They gave us about 3 hours in the exhibit but we only used 2.  My favorite part was actually the dryer. If you can't get in at least peak in.

Hard to describe, but tantalizing. Artistic, interactive, interesting for all ages. Best to buy tickets on line as general admission can be be a long wait. 

The most creative thing we have seen in a long time. Must be experienced. Sci fi meets fun house meets immersive theater meets color and lights and slightly musty cushion floors.I imagine large crowds would greatly reduce the joy of the experience so plan accordingly.

Perfect museum for children and parents. Interactive exhibits ranging from the bizarre to whimsical. Plan to spend a couple of hours there with family. Friendly staff. Reentry allowed if you would like to leave for lunch and return the same day. Fun family activity. Clean restrooms. 

We went twice with or 4 kids. I wouldn’t go again for a while, just to give it some time in between. People who don’t get it I don’t get- what was your understanding of this place? If you understand what it is,and still want to go,  you should love it. It’s a psychedelic alternate reality that has a mystery you can solve if you want. If you don’t want to be confused and or bewildered and if you don’t enjoy things purely for the sake of enjoyment, this may not be the attraction for you.  However, if you do, this place is amaze balls! Cannot hype it enough!

There are so many facets to the Meow Wolf experience. The creativity of the artists who developed and built this huge interactive space is boundless. Everything is touchable, everything is climbable, and you never know what's behind the door in front of you. In short, there are worlds of good fun inside. I'm in my mid-70s and the grandkids ranged in age from three to 16 years of age. The teens had been there before and were eager to go back. The three-year-old was overwhelmed and ended up in the arts and crafts/reading room with her dad. I wandered alone oooing and ahhing and avoided slides and crawling into small spaces. We spent 90 minutes there, but I suspect first-timers could spend 2-3 hours. Also, summer may not the best time to go. If it was less crowded, I would have spent more time in the "house" reading about the family who lived there. Lastly, there was a thirty-minute wait to get in and only two cashiers. Maybe going early would make a difference.

This is an experience like no other.  It is very hard to explain my experience.  It is definitely a must see.  It is very artsy and can be a little overwhelming with all different directions you can go.

The three of us (all over age 21) immediately felt ourselves slip into the magic of the imaginative world that is Meow Wolf. What a fun day filled with memories that will lady a lifetime. PS Carlos Zozaya was a highlight our adventure. He was the Meowiest of all! 

We went here for something unique for our 12 yo. She and I loved the puzzle concept and the various locations within the place. My husband didn't quite get it but he's not into odd puzzles and scavenger hunts like we are. I would have loved more time to try and figure out the puzzle but we enjoyed going through and seeing what these crazy, creative minds came up with. Definitely a unique place and if you have the time, definitely visit.

I visited on July 4 with my two daughters (ages 4 and 6). We spent almost three hours exploring (and could have stayed longer)! If you are at all concerned about whether it is scary/too dark (my one hesitation for my four year old) - don't be. She was mesmerized! It's perfect. Truly, words can't describe this immersive art experience... you must go!!

My second trip to meow wolf with a group of 8 or more! This time it was way more crowded!! However, we went during July 4th week and tourism is at it's peak! The entire experience is just awesome and we loved the snowcone truck outside!!

Extremely well thought out storyline that backs this exhibit.  You can spend all day here if you are following the back story.  Most people are just oogling the exhibits within the larger exhibit.  The kids can get a little out of hand as they treat it more like a playground than gallery exhibit.  Hubbie said they should have an adults night or day during the week to really get into the story line of this creation.  I understand they are putting one in Denver and Las Vegas.  It's in a weird industrial type area far from the action of downtown but so worth the trip.  Loved the fridge to to the alternate dimension travel.

Meow Wolf is a place which caters to present generation. The wait could be long to enter if if it is a week end or Holiday. So better be earl;y. It is a fun all around once you are inside trying to solve the mystery.You have some Food Trucks parked outside to satisfy your hunger and continue. All in all agood experience. You may not enjoy if you are plus Sixty Five. The entry Fee is also high at Twenty Five Dollors. If you are with kids visit.

This was like nothing we've ever seen! Super fun and trippy! We walked in not knowing what to expect. The lines were kind of long and it was really crowded but for the most part was still enjoyable. We were visiting santa fe and we tried coming the first night but they were close. This business has strange hours, but we had such a gran time when we arrived. If you haven't been you must visit!

I visit Meow Wolf almost monthly, coming up from Albuquerque.  I bring guests here, come solo, to special events and music performances, to just popping in during the afternoon to see what is new.  Meow Wolf is a must-do.

Remember when you were little and your imagination could turn the dullest experience into a wonderland? Now picture a place where incredibly talented people have given physical form to that amazing childlike creative vision. This is that place and it is all doable - open every door, touch every surface, turn every knob, look in every space, go through every portal, interact with everyone and everything. I haven't truly "played" like this since I was little - I didn't even think I was capable of it anymore. Thankee Meow Wolf for giving me hours of that - worth every penny of price of admission to feel that again after all these years. :-) Open your mind and free your spirit and you will have an magical experience!

I'm still not sure exactly how to describe this place and it is probably best that I don't describe it.  It is worth the visit at least once but it might take more than on visit to figure it out.Not sure if the 3d glasses offered are really worth it.We went early on the weekend and there was still a line.I recommend purchasing ticket online and arriving right when the place opens.

I do not want to spoil it for others so I will give a basic description of what you will experience.  If you have ever been to an escape room, you will appreciate this, but you don't have to escape. There is a mystery that you try to solve that has many possible solutions, without a wrong answer. You can spend have a deep or shallow experience, depending on your goal for the outing. Expect to spend at least two hours and perhaps up to four hours to see and experience everything. Some people return on multiple days, as they change things in the experience. There are multiple rooms with different things happening in them. I found art, music, math, science, languages, technology, musical instruments and that is just on the surface of things. It is a fun and entertaining experience.

I had two preteens and two teenagers with me, boys and girls, and I was wondering how everyone would react. Everyone had an excellent time!! We stayed about two and a  1/2 hours, although I'm sure we could have stayed much longer! Everybody that works there is super nice, and it's, well what can I say? A little spooky, (well no, I guess not so spooky)-- but quizzical, mysterious, interactive-- and just plain fun! 

It's hard to describe the overall effect of Meow Wolf, but it's very creative. Our visit was with 3 kids, aged 10-15, and they all had a wonderful time.  You enter a house and you can either go through a hallway or through the fireplace!  You can also go through a freezer, a frig, a dryer and through many dark passages.  But, the highlight of the house is everything that they do with light and sound and everything is hands on.  Do buy the 3D glasses--worth it.  Overall, a unique experience.  I would caution that it's not for all children and one should think carefully with the younger children.

This is not a place that can be easily described to others you just have to go and take a risk you will hate it or love it. We visited as a family of 4 adults and 3 children and the experience was enjoyed throughout. This is an amazing place to escape reality for a while or even just to enjoy the bizarre art. I unfortunately completely missed the story as was visiting with family who had been before and I only found out after but nonetheless what you don't know can't hurt you and so it was not of any detriment to my experience. For the most part this is not somewhere that would be easily accessible for someone with physical disabilities and so something to be aware of. I would certainly return here to experience it again particularly as I have heard that the rooms do change and although we spent a couple of hours there I'm sure I missed some out. Don't doubt it just go and try it out!

Our family of four enjoyed every single minute of this unique, interactive museum.  We arrived very early on a Saturday morning, and it never felt too crowded.  However, the entrance line was getting long, when we were leaving.If you are interested in visiting Meow Wolf, you should check out their website, first, and then prepare yourself for a "psychedelic" time.  Our teens went in expecting to solve the mystery, but we all got distracted along the way, and gave up that quest.  But there were other folks running around trying to find all of the clues.To fully enjoy the museum, you have to walk up and down a lot of steps, crawl around spaces, bend down, etc., so keep that in mind.  We did see families with smaller children, but I don't think that I would go to the trouble of taking young kids.  Little ones might find some things frightening, plus I would hate to lose a little one in the maze of rooms.

This is a perfect psychedelic experience and interactive art.   We spent three hours at Meow Wolf and still was not ready to go.  Love it !

What a blast!  How did they fit so much in to such a relatively small space?  There is no good way to describe this other than you have to go.   We were a group of 8 family members: two grandparents, three adults and three kids.  Each kid 6,8 and 10, had an adult companion.  It is a good idea to keep close to children as the place is a maze and it would be hard to know where to look for someone.  Great characters in costume.  There is a picnic area outside.  I'd advise buying tickets on line before you get there to avoid long lines.  The place fills up early and fast.  Parking fills up fast too so you may have to find street parking.

Meow Wolf was SOOO cool! Haven't seen anything like it. It was non-stop visual and auditory stimulation! This was a very unique experience and one that must be seen. 

My husband and I got LOST in this place, and we're still not sure we saw everything. Such a creative and thought-out work of art! We are definitely coming back!

A new take on family fun. Hard to explain, just go. One negative: not friendly for the physically impaired.Good stuff at the small dining area. Yummy ice coffee and baked goods.

I had never heard of Meow Wolf before visiting Santa Fe but a friendly traveler told me about it on my first day in town. I visited twice and will be back again. This is something you can enjoy at any age - whether you just want to explore the space for an hour or dive into the narrative for 3+ hours. I did it both ways and enjoyed each visit. I will say the less you know when you walk into the doors, the better. Don't spoil yourself. Come in with an open and curious mind and you'll get a lot out of the experience! Can't wait to visit the Denver and Vegas locations.

Want to take a respite from the 'real world' for a few hours?  This is the place to do it.  You will never experience anything else like it. It's a place for everyone ... and I do mean everyone no matter your age!  Your kids will love it, your parents will love it and so will you. Meow Wolf transports you into a world of amazement and wonder that you will never forget.  I can't wait to go there again.  It was an unforgettable and awesome experience.  Just go see for yourself.

Maybe not for everyone, but something pretty wild and different. I think having kids along would enhance the experience, and understanding what you're going to see and be able to do is certainly worth knowing. My only reservation is that the marketing materials don't do a very good job of explaining what this is all about.

Roadtrippers app recommended this place and we loved it. It only needs bettwr AC or.more fans. Was very hot inside. It was definitely worth the wait!

This place is amazing for people of any age. I loved it as an adult and our 5 and 2 year old loved it and didn’t want to leave. I can’t adequately put it into words. Just do yourself and your family a favor and go. You could spend an hour here or the entire day. It’s quite the experience and there is literally a surprise around every corner. 

Cannot say enough about how cool this experience is. We went on Friday afternoon and it was absolutely packed with people so bring your patience. Well worth a few hours when you come to Santa Fe!

Every square inch of this place is decorated in some manner.  It is a great place for adults and children.  Pretty trippy!

This place has a lot to see. Lots of fun for all ages. We have younger kids, so we did not have the chance to follow the story line, but we ALL have fun. Tons of fun interactive attractions that include a laser harp, musical bones and pipes. Lots of tight spaces, but it was worth walking through multiple times to see everything. No strollers or backpacks allowed, so plan ahead. Lots of stairs and uneven places. Spend the $1 to get the 3D glasses, many places worth using them at. You are able to go in and out throughout the day so it makes it nice to be able to leave for lunch or visit the cafe in the lobby. Biggest advice I can give... Buy your tickets online ahead of time. The lines get long, but if you buy ahead of time you can enter through a separate line. Also, get there early to avoid having to wait for your wrist band, even if you are just picking them up to return later in the day. Once you have the wrist bands, no need to wait in any line. 

We had heard about Meow Wolf from several friends. Our daughters had a great time and enjoyed the large variety of interactive art exhibits and hidden passageways. I'd recommend people try to go during the week day due to high traffic during the weekend. There were go many people entering rooms that it made it hard to see and experience everything. I'd also recommend arriving early, as soon as it opens if you do attempt a weekend.

Going to Meow Wolf should require that you have a 10 - 15 year old in your presence to comprehend the goal and then to explain the goal, record the successes and continually provide briefings to older members of your party. This would be the only way I would return to MW. My best word to explain our visit is confusion. Or maybe I was just trying too hard. MW is easy to find, but likely the parking lot  will be full. Do you remember the fable of the Emperor’s New Clothes?

This is one of the most wild and unusual places I've ever been.  Our party of 8 had a blast wandering around this highly unusual "art" exhibit.  Be prepared to be overwhelmed with all there is to see, including neon lights everywhere, walking through a refrigerator door into a kitchen or into a clothes dryer door into a "tub of clothes."   This was a LOT of fun!

You will be down the rabbit hole in the very unusual attraction in Santa Fe. Odd rooms, sights and interactive. Kids of all ages will enjoy this.

It is difficult to describe Meow Wolf to people who have not had the opportunity to visit, but it is essentially an immersive art installation/exhibit. It is kind of luck a fun house for people of all ages with plenty of nooks and crannies to explore. If you are a New Mexico resident, you get discounted admission. You are unlikely to find anything like it anywhere else, so as long as you can handle plenty of noise and lights, you should plan on taking a couple of hours to go be entertained. Be warned that it is definitely strange and admission is a bit pricey, so if you go in with the wrong attitude, you won't get your money's worth.

What a totally unexpected and random stop we made while exploring Santa Fe.  Recommended by friends, this was a real Hit with the teenage grandson.  Part escape room, part Art gallery, part LSD trip - it was SO interesting to explore!  Imagine opening a refrigerator in a mock kitchen and finding yourself slipping into a bright bright white tunnel to another dimension?  Or climbing through a fireplace?  Or sliding into a dryer through a purple psychedelic tunnel?  Or slipping through a bedroom closet through an impossibly narrow opening into yet another "out of this world" dimension.  Fun.  Beautiful art.  Worth every second.

Interesting.  You will be asked if you went when folks find out you went to Santa Fe. An interesting way to kill an hour. If you like different experiences that merge art and music - this is your place. Funky.  You can climb into a dryer and out of a fridge. Just do it. 

When mentioning traveling to Santa Fe, everyone told us we must go here. We are very glad we did! We went on "adult night" where only 21 and over are admitted. It was such an awesome collaboration of exhibits and experiences. It is a little more than we usually spend on entertainment, but we are so glad we did. Wonderful time there! They also have tons of seating throughout the exhibits, so those who need to take frequent rests are able to do so. There is opportunity for climbing and crawling through exhibits, but there are also alternate routes for those who prefer to just walk.

We took our two young children (18 months and 3) and they loved it.  We got there around 10 and had difficulty finding parking but were able to get in fairly quickly.  We left around 11:45 and there was a sizeable line standing outside of the building waiting to come in.  It was getting crowded inside the exhibit as well.  IF you plan to visit with young children, highly recommend you go as early as possible.    

This was an amazing hands on experience.  Give yourself enough time to explore everything.  The only thing I questions is that I hope they go through with disinfectant wipes often since you are encouraged to touch everything. And its apparent that everyone does!  All in all a really fun few hours.  Incredible and amazing art throughout.

Basically a maze with lots of things to discover and figure out.  Crawl over things, explore, etc.  Careful about strobs and uneven surfaces - fun overall.

If you want to do something totally different you must come here. It is a dream world in a warehouse, very hard to describe. Stories, enigmas, colorful rooms and fairy installations, lots of fun for adults and kids. You come out smiling and swinging!

The  educational dimension for kids is missing. The kids seem to enjoy the place, but the narrow and/or low passages between different rooms or exhibits   make this place hazardous for adults. The staff  is not able to provide even a rudimental first aid to those who hurt themselves trying to follow their children in this maze of kitsch exhibits.

The House of Eternal Return:  This multidimensional and multi-room installation has to be seen to be believed... an amazing, unique, immersive adventure.  Lots to see and do with live, costumed performers as well.  Our visit lasted perhaps an hour but I can easily imagine those with teenagers and young children staying for a much longer time.

Do NOT enter sober as an adult. Duel brewing across the street for hunger and beer. No gym no outside food and drinks. Watch your step watch your head

Exploring a new place and throughly enjoyed this unique experience.  Great for all ages!   We will definitely visit the upcoming Meow Wolf sites in Denver and alas Vegas.  

Visited Meow Wolf mostly out of curiosity, hoping it would be like the St. Louis City Museum. While my 12 year old son found it fun and interesting, I was ready to get out of there after almost exactly an hour. It was WAY too weird for me and I didn't have the desire to try to figure out the very strange mystery (my husband thinks he figured it out though). I'll give it an "A" for creativity, but it definitely seems to appeal to the under 30 crowd.

This place is absolutely amazing!!! This is by far the trippest place I have ever been! It’s fun for all ages & cannot wait to come back!

We spent about 30 minutes in here.  The performers were just a little too odd for me.  It's fine for the younger crowd, but I wasn't impressed.  But I don't think they are going for the 70 year old crowd.

Thinking out of the box, pre curser best New Mexican food/ car show/ and losing sense of time.. wonderful experience and talk about feeling youthful, giggly and full of awe!! I loved every room, clue and active audience participation with sharing and exploring!!Never a dull moment!!!

We added Meow Wolf to our vacation plans after our 10 year old son saw the ad on Facebook. It was well worth the extra bit of driving time! Each dimension we entered was so colorful and intriguing. We easily could’ve stayed there all day.

How do you describe Meow Wolf?  I certainly don’t know.  Part art exhibit, part mystery experience, part...I don’t know.  What I do know is it is a lot of fun for all ages.

We had a ball. I loved the detail that the artist created and there was lots to see. You enter a house and after exploring the rooms you Enter another dimension through the fireplace of refrigerator . Music, textiles, electronics, art, fun and fantasy, lighting, rooms and interactive displays. Plus performers.Honestly I had no idea what was going on but I loved it.  Go with some friends and enjoy a bizarre drink after the long walk. We took about two hours to see everything. 

If I lived in Santa Fe, I would visit this place at least a few times a year. My husband and I have been to Santa Fe multiple times and this was my favorite experience by far. There's a surprise around every corner and behind every door. The exhibits are interactive, so make a point to touch, twist and turn everything you come into contact with. Will definitely visit again the next time we're in town!

Self directed experience with vibrant colors & art in each room. Something for all ages & interests. Allow yourself plenty of exploring time.

First, you should know if you go that there is a storyline that goes with this museum. I believe it begins with the mailbox as you enter the house? I only learned this after leaving while waiting for my Uber to pick me up. There is a mystery to solve in the house, I found that out while inside, but I didn’t take the time to start as I was just about to leave. Anyway, the family that lives there is missing or at least the father is missing & you must find the clues. In the meantime you have crazy portals to go through, such as the dryer or the refrigerator! It really helps knowing you have a goal going in rather than wandering throughout aimlessly. I still enjoyed it so very much just looking at how much creative talent it must have taken to put all of this together to make it mesh. I love the Tree house. This was a great experience! Take some kids with you for more fun!

Missing persons meets Alice in Wonderland. Interactive art maze with a whimsical vibe and a fantasy backdrop!  

Just go, you won’t be disappointed unless you are a boring person.  The most creative and unusual “experience” we have seen in our world travels.  It’s like.  Well it’s like.  I can’t describe it.  Just go!  

This place is unlike anything I have ever experienced before.  Very creative,  I was there with my teenage son and my 8 year old grand daughter.  We all loved it.

Imagine twilight zone meets Alice in Wonderland.  Went with my 10 & 6 year old and we all loved it.  Highly suggest going at non-peak hours/days to avoid long lines and crowds.   It was a neat experience and a fun break from traditional art galleries.

My wife and I drove to Santa Fe for a weekend getaway. We went to Meow Wolf to see this interactive attraction. We spent about two hours inside going through everything. It was a fun time and at every turn there is a new hidden door to a room to explore.  It's definitely a good way to spend a couple of hours and I'm sure the kids love it.  I recommend getting there early when they open. Two hours later when we left there was a line of probably 100 people out the door.  Have fun.

Meow Wolf is part of an artist collective funded in part by Game of Thrones writer George R. Martin. The attraction, itself, is an interactive art exhibit and features puzzles, a story, and a dream like experience in exploring the venue. You walk through a Victorian house and can piece together mysteries and a story that involves a family that previously lived there. There is a puzzle that will link you to an online blog. You can walk through the fridge, open cabinets, explore rooms, and even play arcade games. I honestly could spend all day here. In addition to Meow Wolf being an interactive art exhibit, Meow Wolf is a also a music venue. Meow Wolf hosts a number of talented and popular music bands and artists.I highly recommend Meow Wolf to anyone who is open to art, exploration, puzzles, and music. 

If you like strange art with an otherworldly feel, this place is for you.  It was fun and crazy.  What an experience!

Took two children there. The nine year old was disappointed. It was not as brilliant in color as the brochure or on the website. Saw many staff around the event but they were on their phones, sitting, or just chatting with other staff. When I asked questions they were of little help. The 3D glasses did not work well and both children gave up on them. The arts and crafts room was boring to both children.  As an adult I thought there could be more interactive stations. It was more like an event you walked thru but little was educational or interactive. I was glad I bought tickets over the internet as the wait that day to get in was well over an hour. They could have had better instructions when you arrived. I got in line with the over and hour wait to find out there is a separate line for those with tickets. This could be much better. Until then the museums in Albuquerque offer more

Santa Fe has a lot of attractions to offer. Meow Wolf is one of those which I recommend if you like "Alice in Wonderland" and other fantasy stories. Lots of colors, unexpected aisles, surprises... I spent around 2,5 hours there and for me it was accurate amount of time. 

This place was absolutely amazing, and exceeded the whole groups expectations! All of us ranging from 23-24 in age we spent over 3 hours, and could have definitely spent longer. The exhibits are truly an amazing work of art, and some of the most unique things I’ve had the pleasure of stumbling across. Kudos to these fabulous artist and their brilliant minds❤️ This place is an 11/10✨ MeowWolf is fun for ALL. It doesn’t matter your age, gender, you’re guaranteed an unforgettable time!

I was so impressed!  Feel like a kid again, in a dream! I was so refreshed when I left - you sincerely leave your worries behind and lose yourself in this fantastic maze of tunnels and doors and secret passage ways!  I will return with my kids - they freaked out when I showed them the photo's! 

Something for everyone ... including grandkids with high expectations.  Unique, clever and engaging!  Easy/safe to walk to from the bus and there is good food in the area !!!

We heard mixed reviews from our hotel concierge, but now wonder who the old sourpusses were who didn’t enjoy this. We stayed for hours, roaming around all the rooms, exploring and taking photos. Lots of stairs, and some areas that might be tough for people with bad knees. Otherwise, loads of fun - like an interactive art exhibit/ museum with secret passageways (the fridge! The fireplace! The dryer!) and hundreds of Instagram- friendly selfie spots. I

So fun to explore this huge otherworld of art.  Theme based, but I recommend not to get too hung up on the story, as it may take away from the simple pleasure of enjoying the visual experience.

I have been here twice and I had so much fun both times.  The second time I saw new things and saw things in a different way than before.  So much fun and totally worth the ticket price.  Next I would love to attend a concert.

Going into the refrigerator and coming out in another room, going into a fireplace and ending up in outer space, going to different places through windows, washing  machine, etc. is crazy! Tried to solve mystery of house too.

Went with my sister and we both thoroughly enjoyed our visit. Our forty-something selves spent about two hours there and our imagination and sanity were put to the test. I would like to go back some day if I’m lucky enough. So much to see and uncover. 

We visited Meow Wolf in early May after seeing some enticing videos, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! The lighting, the colors, and all of the multiple interactive pieces of this museum gave our little group of three adults plenty to explore and wander through in the couple of hours we had before closing. In addition to the wild and otherworldly tunnels/rooms/(dimensions?) at play, there is also a vibrant backstory linking all of the artwork together for those who interested in snooping about and diving into the mythos. I've been to many museums all over the world, but there has never been one quite like this! Definitely recommend for anyone in the area.

Other reviews didn't really prepare me for what I experienced. Meow Wolf is a psychedelic Easter egg hunt and you just found all the good eggs. 

Like no other museum or experiential exhibit I have ever seen. Follow the story or don’t. But do come with an open mind and a desire for otherworldly or should I say multi-worldly fun. Bring your camera!

Wow and Wow!  This wonderful, magical experience comes from the combined imagination and fabulous creativity of over 100 artists in the collective.  Meow Wolf is housed in an old bowling alley - and there is lots of space for the different rooms/dimensions/experiences.  It opens at 10 am, and I'd recommend going early, because it is a hugely popular place.  I would recommend buying the $1 3-D glasses, b/c some of the rooms have artwork that jumps out at you!  So many rooms, dimensions, hands-on fun (like playing with the laser harp). Secret passages! Eery music! Black Light rooms!  It really is fun and appealing to all ages - They are building two more Meow Wolfs - on in Las Vegas and one in Colorado.  I can't wait to visit them all!  Yes, I will be back!  Go and have FUN!!

Really interesting! It was difficult to follow the story line. However, it was fun to freely explore. I loved how every area has its own feel and design. Definitely recommend a stop. FYI: No need to buy the $1 glasses offered to you.

This could or could not be your thing, depending on whether you love being in a maze.  There were very interesting parts to the design of the space, but I found it to be all one note and predictable.  

Art lovers, families with kids, teenagers and adults everyone will love this experience. It’s like nothing else.

We bought nearly $200 worth of tix online for our family visiting us but when we got there yesterday the line was around the block and it was very hot..upper 90’s...it was Community Day there and a local radio station had given away free tix....the staff kept directing us to the end of the line and finally after nearly 30 minutes in intense heat, one staffer said we could go into will call...we did and waited another 30 minutes before our tix were processed by the one staffer doing this...unbelievable crowds... overwhelmed by it all and the staff seemed overwhelmed too.

There's really no way to describe this place other than to say there's no other place like it.  I could tell you that it thrives in part because of the patronage  of Santa Fe author George R. R. Martin (Game of Thrones), but that wouldn't even begin to prepare you for what you'll see inside, which is really the handiwork of a variety of a very talented and unusual artists given room to create interesting, entertaining, and sometimes bizarre  walk-through exhibits covering a crazy array of styles and moods.  Stop reading.  Just go do it.  You will be amazed.

Meow Wolf was our favorite stop in Santa Fe. So much to see and you never knew when a turn would send into another world. The only thing I would have liked was an app with some of the material (diaries, letters, etc.). So many people wanted to enjoy this place, there wasn’t enough time to read all the material about what had happened to the family. On its own, without the story, Meow Wolf is still worth a visit though!

Walking inside the "house" is like an imaginary fantasy trip come true.  There's no obvious rhyme or reason, it's all bizarre, and it's really good fun.  You will easily get lost inside, but that's one of the main reasons to go, and then before you know it you'll have your bearings once again.  There really is a "story" underlying it all, but I stopped thinking about it or trying to figure it out within a few minutes.  Just enjoy yourself for a couple of hours!

I love meow Wolf!! I love when they throw shows such an awesome experience only boring ppl with a closed mind wouldn’t adore this place 💓

We had the pleasure of seeing Kimbra here and it was one of the best shows I've seen in New Mexico. Also lgbtq+ friendly, so thank you Meow Wolf!

Since moving back to Santa Fe in 2016, we have loved going to Meow Wolf...seeing our old bowling alley transformed into a world of wonder, wander and art is inspiring for artists like us...it is great place to go for date night, family night or anytime...around Halloween, they have some really fun events that we really enjoyed...Meow Wolf is a Santa Fe must see!

We, my children (teens) And i drove up albq while In between time to Santa fe to check out meow wolf thinking it would be a easy one day trip. We where totally floored once at saw everything there and decided that one day was definitely not going to be enough. So we've made plans to go back this summer. My kids loved it & i always make sure to recommend this fun artistic interactive art museum to all my clients. Fyi if you follow the story it's pretty cool. And will explain about the art. Good job meow wolf and see you soon.

This is suitable for all ages and full of color, intrigue and mystery.  Well worth a visit bring your camera (no flash).

If you want to be mystified, you have to be comfortable with being a little confused. Meow Wolf doesn’t explain itself, it hands it’s entire being over to you instantly, so it can understandably be overwhelming for someone who isn’t okay with feeling slightly uncomfortable. Walk around, settle in, it’s all fine. Touch something. Open something, read something; be curious. It’s interactive art, that means it’s dependent upon how much you interact with it & how much you let yourself wonder. If you let yourself be immersed (which means letting go of the idea of being control of the universe) and imagine the universe of the story line, it’s fantastical and creepy and weird, but these feelings lend themselves to exhilaration and excitement, as well.

I visited this place November 2017 and I still can't stop thinking about it! It is an amazing Labyrinth of whimsy, imagination, and creativity. At every turn is something exciting that'l-L blow your mind. When we visited, we turned a corner to find a band warming up for an Upcoming show. It was just so bizarre to find a band playing to an essentially empty roo-M. One of the great things about this place is that it can be enjoyed by both kids & adults. I found myself exploring every aspect of this place with such wonder & awe I felt like a Newborn baby. There is a bar that serves up some local micro absolutley fantastic brews As well as snacks for kids. The store is something that shouldn't be missed. I only bough-T a hat but wish I had gotten a shirt as well. I can't wait to return to visit & explore again. I Insist you not look up anything before going and explore every bit on your own, trust me. ∆

Meow Wolf is absolutely amazing. We discovered it by chance just a few months after they opened and have been back on 3 more trips. It can excite your left and right brain with its combo of creative art and explorable mystery. If you still aren't sure, just sit by the exit door for a few minutes on a busy day and listen to the reactions of people when they step out. I was there on Sunday and heard it described as "amazing," "incredible," "that was the coolest thing I have ever seen!"

This place is absolutely incredibly awesome and apt for all ages.  This is a must if you stop in Santa Fe and worth the drive from Albuquerque.

We LOVE MEOW WOLF!! It was so fun! The world of different atmospheres is just so cool! We cannot wait to go AGAIN!!

Meow Wolf is the best interactive, thought provoking display of creativity, art and mind bending goodness.  When I walked out, I wanted to turn around and go back in! Spark your creative intelligence and check it out.

Meow Wolf is an interactive museum and art display mixed with a mystery.  It is a blast whether you are 6 or 56!  I have been twice on 2 separate trips, and will go again on my next trip.  

I want art to be visually appealing or to make me think.  I didn´t really bother paying enough attention to the alternate universe story they were telling because I didn´t like the vibe or aesthetic.  There was a hamster that was missing in one universe that was dead in one of the other ones, if that clarifies anything.  My husband was interested and he enjoyed it a lot more than I did.

After hiking and seeing historic landmarks my kids ages 6, 8, and 10 loved being able to climb and explore this place. Something interesting in every corner. Of course my son loved the old school arcade (free games). Lots of good photo ops. Kind of reminded me of City Museum in St Louis.

It’s been a while, but we had a wonderful time wandering through this mystical place. You wander from room to room, trying to solve a mystery, and the sites are cool. A great way to spend a few hours or longer if you take it seriously. 

It’s so hard to put into words how amazing this place is! The $25 admission fee was worth it! They have so many things to explore, hidden rooms to find, it’s an interactive world or worlds created by over 200 artists. My favorite places inside were the old Victorian house and the tree house. You could spend two whole days here and still not see it all! I went with my son and girlfriend and we all had a blast! This place made us feel like kids again! There’s so much to see and do! If I were to go again, I would visit during the week. We went on a Saturday and the lines to get in were long! Buy your tickets online so you can get faster! 

When we first saw this as being on our Road Scholar trip agenda we were under whelmed. Our minds were totally blown away during our visit. It is an awesome collection and array of hands on art that  over whelms all your sensory receptors. It is great for kids and families. They also have a clue hunting competiton that really tests your thinking skills. 

Family friendly. Expensive. My grandkids were blown away.  Very crowded. Explore for about 2 hours+.  Skip gift shop.

Was a little skeptical, but great fun!  Hard to describe to others.  Loved all of the art though.  Lots of laughter with friends.

We went to Meow Wolf on the recommendation of our hotel staff.  It was very entertaining for the ENTIRE family!  It's an art exhibit, mystery, and interactive all in one.

Only for those who are open minded to "trippy" other-worldly imaginative experiences - this was one of the greatest tourist experiences I've ever had. The artistic imagination and creativity is unsurpassed. Let your mind go, take your time. I've never seen anything like it. Even for those, like me, who generally focus on natural beauty and cultural experiences when travelling, this is worth experiencing. Only tourist tip I have is to try to go when they are least busy.

What a great experience!! Didn’t really know what to expect.  Definitely a unique experience. Great fun for my 18 year old, 10 year old and adults as well. 

What a blast! Super cool rooms from monochrome to psychedelic.  Walk into the refrigerator.  Come out under the stairs. Check out the closets. And that's just the house. Everywhere you turn there is something bizarre. There are stairs and such. There is also a story of what and why if you are so inclined to read and discover the back story.  Or just ENJOY the uniqueness of all your eyes can feast upon.

Take the time to read about the adventure to get the most fun. There is a story behind the craziness but the craziness is fun too. 

We liked it a lot but two hours was about it for us and the rest of our family. I won't repeat all that has been said by others except to say you kind of have to see it to understand what it is.I really hope that local families with children who may not have the ability to pay the extremely high admission rates are given some kind of a break on that. I kind of assume so but one never knows today.

This place is hard to explain! Art, mystery, outer space...,secret rooms.... I’d say it’s a unique and fun experience for anyone 10 or older. Buy your tickets online to save time.

This is an immersive experience. Words cannot explain - just go. It is so fun! You don’t need to have the whole back story, but it is worth finding out. 

Meow Wolf is an absolutely stunning experience for the senses. You can choose any path you want, trying to solve a mystery, or just enjoying the amazing environment. I kept thinking I was done and then finding something new to experience. Get there early to avoid huge crowds, as it is super busy by about noon (although some rooms are more secret than others and, therefore, less crowded). 

Visiting here was great fun. We walked around just admiring the different «worlds» and the amazing colours. We didn’t try to follow the story or solve and mysteries. I guess that could be fun too - but mere enjoying the place was enough for us on our visite.

Do you like ART?  Do you enjoy ESCAPE ROOMS?  Sorry, this is NEITHER.  Based on the information on this "experience", I was expecting this to be a bit of both.  However, reality turns out that - while it COULD be engaging - it is difficult to enjoy with all the kids running around, lack of any clear objective, and exorbitant cost.  There is definite potential here, but it's devolved into a indoor oddity for teen dates.Do yourself a favor and save some money - find a real escape room, or go to a good museum.  Albuquerque and Santa Fe have better versions of both.

Very Visual maze.   Stooping and tight corners.   But quite an experience.  Almost 2 hours spent there.  My grandson had been once before and still loved it.

What a fun experience. Had no idea what I was getting into. So creative, a playground for adults ( kids will enjoy too). I like the analogy to Pee Wee's Playhouse. Definitely worth the experience.

An amazing place on so many stimulating levels, early research into this place had prepped me for some idea of what to expect but it went way beyond anything my feeble brain could have concocted as to what it would be like.I won't give too much away here but do visit if you can and be prepared for your senses to be overloaded and to discover some new senses you didn't realise you had. If you have kids then I'm sure they will adore this place and never want to leave

Buy tickets online to get in through shorter line. Staff was so friendly and when I told them it was our first time there they were so excited to talk to us about what we should pay attention to and the art classes they offered. Perfect for families and kids because it’s super interactive and you are encouraged to touch everything. Easily liked 3-3.5 hours. Was a bit cramped with the crowd but it was to be expected, it’s a popular spot on a popular weekend. Some areas will be hard for some people to enjoy because of how small and tight they are. My husband is 5’11 with broad shoulders so dunking was a little difficult and squeezing into tight doorways. But overall very fun and I can’t wait to go back! 

I went with my 6, 4 and 6 month old.  Had it not been for babywearing I would not have wanted to take a small baby but while having him wrapped I was able to do most things with my other children.  It was a fantastical experience with amazing things hidden throughout.  We were absolutely amazed and went twice in one day and found things on our second trip that we missed on our first.  Each visit was amazing and we can’t wait to come back and to visit the new locations once they are opened!  

This place was a lot of fun so if you are in the area then go visit.  It is not a place for two year olds in my opinion but someone brought them anywayBig tip here-  the line to get in there is stupid long in the morning so wait till later in the afternoon.  4:00 ish.  Enjoy!

My 7 year old son and I went on a Saturday night, they were having a concert so there were mostly a 18 to 30 year old  (looking) crowd, loud music, kind of pary atmosphere. We almost decided not to go in! Im so glad we changed our mind. We really needed more time, but it was so worth it.  Since we only had about 2 hours we didn't' try to solve the mystery we just wandered around finding secret passage ways. We both loved it and all the loud music just made it more fun. We had hoped to go back the next day but our plans fell through. It's hard to explain exactly what it is, just go, you will love it.  We really want to go back!!!!

This place is amazing. You get out of it what you put in. So if you go in with a closed mind you will just find reasons to grip. The best way to explain this art is that it is living art. It is always changing and there are a lot of interpretations for the art. It was like being in an interactive movie. For me this place was it and great time with my family.  I can't wait to see a music show here one day.

I don't know how Meow Wolf was on my radar, but I really wanted to check this place out. I really had no expectations or idea what Meow Wolf even was. I still have trouble explaining this place to people. I came here later in the evening and almost did not make it in. There was a concert going on and we missed the entrance time that day by a few minutes. Thankfully they were kind enough to let us in. I found the entrance price to be expensive, but worth it afterwards. First, I found the house to be gorgeous. I loved the fact you can explore the area on your own and kind of create your own experience. There were so many interesting things here, I will not explain any so you can enjoy it yourself without spoilers. I was here with 4 other adults and we had a blast. Some of the experiences were so clever, I felt like I was in a dream or alternate world. I wish I had more time to do the puzzle at the beginning, I feel everything here has some purpose and that would make for a truly unique experience. I loved everything about it.

This was a perfect place to have a good time, enjoy the mystery nd have some awesome drinks. One restroom had a shower never figuered that one out but it did come handy lmao. It was the most fun ive had in years. Kids of all ages will also have a great time.

I went with my 13yo daughter. This was just amazing. Something for everyone. Interesting art, a story to follow if you chose, music, maze like, interactive and a small arcade. We both had so much fun.

I thought it was fairly crowded, but definitely worth the visit. Something new around every corner. I felt it was too crowded to take the time to solve the mystery involved, but we really enjoyed it anyway.

If you are at all a fan of interactive art, this is a must see.  The colors and sounds are really hard to describe.  Every turn brings something new.  You never know if something you touch will cause a reaction somewhere.  Every exhibit can be viewed from multiple angles giving a new perspective.  There are many places to just sit and observe.  I'll go back to dive more into the story but this trip was just too immerse.

What a trip.  We went with family from Albuquerque and PA and literally everyone had a fabulous time.  It's a visual treat as well as including numerous interactive exhibits.  I know that's not telling you much, but all I can say is go experience it for yourself.

Went on a friend’s recommendation with not much idea of what to expect. What an amazingly cool and eclectic place! There are, I believe, 72 rooms in the House of Eternal Return, each of which was designed/created by a different artist from the MW collective. I’d encourage everyone to explore them all. Touch things (unless sign says not to, which was rare) - some make noise or do other things. Go into the lobby & then go back in the house - I did this twice & somehow seemed to end up in a different area each time! The Laser Harp was amazing as well as a room (can’t recall the name) filled with mirrors and lights you could change for different effects. The staff were all super friendly & helpful and for the price it was 100% worthwhile. Also, the tickets let you in & out throughout the day, which was fun.  I’d also gotten tickets for a show (sweet concert venue within MW) so I took another quick tour before the show and found even more stuff! There are lots of sounds and lights, if you and/or small children aren’t comfortable with that, you may want to skip it or ask which rooms might be ok. i heard a few smaller (3-5 yr old) kids crying and it seemed maybe they were a tad overstimulated. I’d totally go back again and hear they do update some of the rooms periodically so it could be a whole different experience!

A fun exhibit that offers a unique experience and adventure. Would be great for kids. Go early before the crowds and buy tickets in advance.

I know some people feel it's very hipster but above all it's fun. It's very hard to describe because it's just not like anything else I've been to - part art installation with elements of a maze or escape room. There were people of all ages enjoying themselves when I went. Whilst it does have something for everyone be aware that there are some places you might struggle with unless you are fairly agile. Overall it was oddly stimulating and relaxing at the same time. There is so much to take in that you completely stop thinking about anything else.

Such a cool experience. Definitely the highlight of the trip. Look online first to see if they have a concert or show that night, as it might get crowded. We went first-thing in the morning when it opened and the line was probably 20 people deep. Moved fast, and we had a great time.

you just have to go. you have to. bring your kids. bring your friends, make sure you have a few hours to spend. 

This place is AMAZING!!  You can spend an entire day here!  It's a $25 entry fee and re-entry is allowed, cameras allowed, touching and feeling your way through this 20,000 square building of artists' conceptions is indescribable; a bar is also in lobby next to gift shop and 3 food trucks are outside.  We were blown away by this experience.  It's interactive, sensory and beyond what we could have ever imagined.  In several places there are different levels, at every turn there is something different.  From a neon underwater scene upon entering to rooms of lights to an arcade, rooms with interactive situations of art; even going to the restroom is an experience of 3D painting and artwork that leaves you in awe.  Financially backed by George R.R. Martin, who bought this as a bowling alley and turned it into this fantastic adventure including over 100 artists; it's hard to describe because words are one dimensional and MewWolf is full blown - multi-dimensional involving all senses...oh wow!!!

Ever wonder what it would feel like to be Alice in wonderland,and fall down the rabbit hole? Wonder no more. The experience can't be described in a few words. Enter into a Simpson's  cartoon, surround yourself in a Dr. Seuss book.and take a trip down the rabbit hole. Great experience

How can one write up a review and put into words what this place is like??? This is an experience that you really need to take in. Do your self a favor and just go. I am not going to ruin it by describing it, you need to experience it. You are going to spend a few hours and you still wont see every detail.

Reviews and photos cannot possibly do this place justice.  I found myself laughing with joy adventuring through the exhibits.  There's a new surprise at every turn.  Do not miss this.

Highly recommended experience that you have to see to understand.  It’s an immersive story that you explore and participate in.  I hear they expanding  to Denver. Can’t wait. 

Something new at every turn. Worth the admission price. Visually and intellectually stimulating. We certainly didn't expect what we found inside. Take the time to go while you're in Santa Fe. You won't be sorry.

This is my favorite place to take visitors from out of town. My guests have never been disappointed. Ive been with my young kids and with only my husband. Either way it’s a unique experience. The staff is always friendly! Give yourself at least 3 hours to experience it all, although you could easily spend a whole day there. Don’t miss the art vending machine in the lobby. It’s a bit pricey at $5, but the treasures inside are truly unique, just like Meow wolf itself.

Did not expect this.  Went here to kill some time and wound up spending a few hours. Had the best time.  Never experienced anything like this place.  It's one-of-a-kind.  $20. a person is worth it.  Staff are wonderful!

My 26 year old daughter and I went last week with we visited Santa Fe and Meowwolf was so much fun!  The artists blended color and imagination to create this incredible maze of rooms, hidden doors, and crazy pathways to the next colorful and wonderful space.  You can let your imagination soar; there is something for almost everyone.  It's definitely worth the trip!  I would go go back again.

Fascinating interactive art, but not something we got into as much as we had hoped.    If you like solving mysteries, I highly recommend it.

This place is a must see!! When in Santa Fe do yourself a favor and check out meow wolf. Great for kids and adults. 

Meow wolf is the most trippy and bizarre art museum I can imagine. It was wonderful and intense and interesting and fun. I highly recommend it for people of all ages.

 A unique experience for this traveler! I am an avid fan of science-fiction and fantasy  books and movies and this place was loads of fun with a sci fi mystery to piece together. So MUCH to see and one could go back time after time to try to figue out the story and see the many clues and puzzle it out. Or you can just go and walk/climb/crawl/slide through all the trippy rooms and enjoy the experence because it’s just fun! 

We really enjoyed Meow Wolf! We thought it might be too weird or creepy but it turned out to be very cool and fun. We didn't really follow the story but if we had wanted to spend more time there it might have been fun, but definitely not necessary for enjoying the visit. We spent about 1.5 hours there. I would recommend wearing something fairly comfortable, especially for footwear.

I cant begin to explain how great this place was for my 10 year old adhd son.  At first i thought it was just a kinda weird place, but as i chased him from room to room, i started to see it through his eyes.  Room after room brought a new, different wonder to behold.  Each area was a different sensory experience.  Something for everyone!

My husband and I spent hours at Meow Wolf! I couldn’t believe the amount of detail that was put into the exhibit, it was so impressive. We’re excited to see the Denver location once it opens!! 

In this day of computer screens, keyboards, hand-held living--there is always a need for EXPERIENTIAL activities, and you don't want to miss this.  Meow Wolf can be talked about and described, but--you cannot understand it till you've DONE IT.  This is better than your kid's video game or you're social-site visit.  Go there and have a great time!  Each area is different, each room a new adventure, and way better than that last  movie you saw.  TIP--buy your tickets in advance, especially for a weekend.

It’s not a bowling alley (anymore.) It’s not anything to describe- better you should go experience it yourself. Perhaps if you had a drink (or whatever) beforehand, you might enjoy it even more. Keep your mind open.

This is a fun and insane family adventure. I highly recommend that the whole family do this together. It was amazing. It is a little pricey though. 

Meow Wolf was a hit with our entire family! We walked in with no prior knowledge and quickly fell into the enthusiasm of the place. Each of the 70+ rooms was decorated in their own theme; some of them wilder than others. All of them creatively decorated. Our two favorites were the harp room and the refrigerator that you could walk through. It was all so intriguing! If you have a few hours and want to be entertained, go check out Meow Wolf!

Wasn't sure what to expect, pleasantly surprised!  Fun place for young and old alike. So many nooks and crannies, doors that don't look like doors and passages ways to explore. Make sure to plan atleaset 3 hours to visit. Your admission is good all day so you can leave and return the same day.

What an amazing, mind-bending, and wonderfully weird experience!  It’s psychedelic in the extreme, with neon lights and colors everywhere in this labyrinthine wonderland. There are new surprises hidden behind every door, corner, or apparently blank wall, Half the fun is in discovering all of the hidden passages. (Definitely try the fridge and the dryer!) I would recommend wearing comfortable shoes and allowing yourself at least two hours to explore. This is wonderful for kids, adults, and even dates.

You can get caught up in this art installation/mystery in so many ways, like following clues of what happened in the family in the house or just enjoying the quirky art installations. Picture a room with light that makes music as you play with the lights, discovering a room through the refrigerator, and so much more but let's not give away the surprises. Just go and enjoy the creativity for a couple of hours.

This place is beyond incredibly awesome. I am still thinking about the narrative, the clues, the details and how they achieved such a brilliant masterpiece. If you appreciate installation art, you will adore the effort put into creating this unbelievable space. Worth every penny, make sure to leave yourself enough time to really explore. ps... go in through the fireplace... just sayin... 

I'm actually not sure if it is supposed to be a mystery or a graphic adventure but the effect is amazing.  Admittedly it is overpriced (about $25) but it is worth a one time splurge to see and touch the vivid, wild landscape which is emitted from the Victorian household.

Mind blowing experience! It’s hard to explain what to expect. Just take the time to visit and enjoy the place and music! 

I don’t even know how to begin to describe Meow Wolf. In short, Santa Fe is not really known for it’s night-life, so the young and eager go to Meow Wolf for entertainment. A venue filled with unique and mind-blowing art installations that will push your mind beyond reality. Someone best described it as “part haunted house, part fun house, part acid trip”. I felt like I was in a 2-hour episode of Stranger Things (in a good way!). If you are ever in Santa Fe, you MUST go. It’s a beautifully overwhelming and fascinating experience. Like nothing you've ever seen before!

This place is so interesting, creative and fun! I’ve never been to something so incredible! Walking through the regular house and then the multiverse makes you think what the multiverse would look like from your own house! It’s simply amazing to see what so many artists can create!

Now understand why the descriptions online were difficult to interpret. This maze of rooms is unlike anywhere else - telling a complex story thru art while trying to find your way out.

Had a good time, kids enjoyed everything from arcade, lights, music etc.... the only sour spot was that there was no access to upstairs for handicapped folks.

Such a fun place. It was crazy crowded the day we went, but the exhibits were fantastic. Highly recommend!Wanted to give it a 5 star, but the amount of people in the venue made it hard. 

Mind blowing experience so much to see and experience never seen anything like it . Staff on the entry desk were very informative and respectful . Loved the whole visit . 

Meow Wolf defies words.  I've been with my spouse, spouse and kids and just kids.  It offers something for everyone.  You can follow the narrative to extend your stay or just wander around, marveling at all the different themes.  Don't look at photos and don't let people tell you what it's about, just go and be surprised!

It was so hard to touch and play initially because you always have it drilled into you not to touch art. This place was amazing, often confusing (but in a good way) and an assault on the senses. We missed the challenge in the house because we didn’t find the entry with the challenge until the end. We spent about four hours playing in here so allow plenty of time and also make sure you get the 3D glasses for an even better experience. There is talk of franchising this, which I think is a great idea.

My niece and nephews, who range in age from 15 to 4, asked to take a road trip to New Mexico for spring break. Part of our trip took us to Santa Fe, and to Meow Wolf. It is AMAZING, and had something special for everyone. I wasn’t too sure what to expect, but my best description would be this: It’s part art installation, part concert, part cocktail lounge and foodie destination. All of this in one place that was an unexpected delight for each of us. My nephews and niece spent roughly 3 hours exploring—the youngest one was engaged just as much as my oldest. My Mom even found the whole thing delightful. Do yourself a favor and go through this a couple times, as I guarantee you’ll find things you didn’t notice before. Afterwards, we stuck around to eat and (for the adults) indulge in an adult beverage. They have a full bar indoors (with absinthe even! Very. Good. Absinthe...) and food trucks outside that cater to a number of different tastes and preferences. Everyone left happy, with a fun experience under our collective belts, good food, and great company. Meow Wolf is a must see in a city of marvels...do yourself a favor and check it out for yourself. You’ll love it!!!

Very differente museum but wonderful experience all family enjoyed it so much everyone that visit santa fe should make time to visit This place 

We go their super early and only queued for about 10 mins with tickets already purchased online. We were greeted by a lovely lady who got us through quickly. What a fun place for adults and kids alike, something different.  We spent a couple of hours here enjoying all they had to offer, if we hadn't had kids with us I would have liked to have read the story in the house a little more but still we were just happening wondering around. Would totally recommend.

First, pls make sure you are reasonably fit and good size build as there are many crawl spaces and tight stairs to climb. Lots of going up and down.  I like the tube that you find after opening the dryer and also the walkway you As You enter the fridge. Lots of stimulation’s to your senses. I like the black and white room - one is a dining room and the other one with lots of cartoons.  There’s a room with mechanical hands and it was fun. Also there’s a musical dinosaur skeleton that when you hit the bonds it makes a sound.  Not a museums so adjust your expectation accordingly.  There’s a mini truck parked out front where there are magnetic words that you can move about. 

Exceeded my expectations!!  Go with at least 1 1/2 hrs to enjoy the really cool exhibition!!!  Adults,  children and teens all will enjoy!!  Purchase tickets online in advance to save time!  Fun,  interactive and great fun!!  Can be overwhelming,  just hang out and people watch for few mins if need to chill!!

Happened upon Meow Wolf when looking for things to do in Santa Fe and it was an absolute gem of a find.  The art appeals to every sense and to all ages.  The look of wonder in the faces of the guests from old to new was something you don't see much anymore.  Just when you think you've explored it all, you find a new secret passage to a new world unlike those you visited previously.  Could definitely see the George R. R. Martin inspiration.  A must see while in Santa Fe.  

This place is amazingly bizarre in a good way.  It’s like being in a crazy dream where one part leads to something incredibly crazy.  It’s so hard to describe it, so just go and see it.  You won’t be disappointed!  Plan to spend about 2 hours.  You could stay longer though.

As I wrote above, we became quickly Ready to say goodbye once we realized the nature of this .....what to callIt- Disneyesque fantasy humorous unique physically innovative all-inside .....venue.The young people There loved it!  For us....meh! So... if you like movies like TerryGilliam makes, GO!!!

Brochure from the motels is out of date. The prices have increased significantly.  Approximately $25 apiece for the senior tickets but really fun and worth it and you can go in and out all day.  The whole experience takes between 2-3 hours to do the whole thing. Don't pay for the 3D glasses they only work in two places.  This is an experience and adventure for young and old but not handicap accessible. 

My title says it all - I really wasn't sure what to expect but expected to be wowed. Instead we left kind of confused and wondering what the heck we just did. I thought my kids would love it but they really didn't. Would not go back or want to visit another Meow Wolf.If you are going through Santa Fe - worth a visit but if, like us, you have to go an hour+ out of your way - I'd say save your money and time. The first time we went there were hundreds of people in line to get in the door (standing outside)... we gave up and left and visited it on the way back - adding yet another hour of driving to our trip. Not happy about that... 

Place can be appealing for some people. Certainly not me. Place is like Alice in wonderland bug w an adult twist. Funky and kind of quirky. I spent less than 30 minutes. 

We all had a blast! One kid tried to solve the mystery, one just wanted to discover every room and my oldest teen took lots of photographs. So much to do and see. We will definitely be back! 

We were told to take our kids here. Boy, are we glad we did. There was excitement around every turn, pull, and step. From accidentally walking into a world behind the refrigerator, to the dryer tunnel slide. There were so many cool things in this place. It gave our family hours of touring and taking amazing photos. We would defiantly recommend for kids of all ages, even for our teens who are harder to please these days... 

Interesting but not entertaining would describe our experience here. I think we are either too old to appreciate it, or we just didn't do enough drugs when younger.It is kind of like an arty amusement park.

just an amazing piece of imagination, with something for everyone. for us more mature folks, this is a fully-immersive art installation, eye-opening designs, mind-bending passages through fridges, or washing machines, fantasy rooms in luminous colour, or two dimensional monochrome. for kids, its a game, with clues, gifts, secret passages that only they can fit into and just pure fun. for those inbetween, its just cool with a capital C!  we spent a very enjoyable, and mesmerising couple of hours here, and i think we saw everything, but its actually pretty hard to tell, as there is so much crammed into this space. but i have to say that if you want to have a peaceful, leisuely stroll through, dont go on a saturday. we were there for opening time, so it was relatively quiet for a while, but once lots of kids arrive...its like they have taken drugs! they go crazy with it all, run around at full pace, scream, climb in and out of everything, and are totally oblivious to everyone else. dont get me wrong, its really great to see kids having such a great time, and they are just hyper with excitement, but perhaps we should have gone at a time when they were in bed, after all it is open till 10pm. this is not a cheap attraction, especially if you have several kids....it will probably cost you an arm and a leg...but it is something you, and especially, they, will never forget. as a 50something woman...i can honestly say, its one of the most amazing pieces of art i have ever been thrown into, and i loved every moment. dont miss it!

Take a trippy adventure in immersive art that will transport you to another world in another dimension. Owned by George R. R. Martin (yes, the GOT one) and created in collaboration by a group of artists, this amazing place has secret passage ways through refrigerators, a washing machine, closets, ice boxes, and under stairs that lead you down rabbit holes like in Alice and Wonderland and spit you into out-of-this-world environments and rooms like in Willy Wonka. DO NOT miss this place if you're in Santa Fe - A!Mazing! I ❤️❤️❤️ it!

This place is the Wolf’s meow!  Prepare yourself for about two hours of amazing, surprising, delightful exploring with lots of unexpected surprises. It truly does defy description! Kids and adults alike will love it. Probably best to be ambulatory and not extremely wide for some parts of this wonderland and mystery and interactive art. More random hidden space to explore than you can imagine! You’ll love it! 

Fun and creative place to explore. We spend about 2.5 hours, and had a great time. I was surprised to see young children in line, but it really was not scary inside. The biggest risk is you might LOSE your children. There are so many directions from almost any place in the wildly surprising place that they could get out of view in a hurry. So talk with staff before you go in, and have a plan. We 4 adults planned to stick together, but often got distracted and wondered off in different directions. It keeps a number of creative folk in Santa Fe well employed, and we get to enjoy that. Our relatives were with us for their 4th visit, and they still enjoy it!But tickets online ahead of time - you'll likely have a shorter line. We were there on a Thursday at opening and there was a pretty good line. Our online tickets got us in a good bit faster.

This was not at all what I expected.  It seems like a big germ pit to me.  I didn't find the rooms interesting or the experience rewarding at all.   I guess I just didn't get it.  It's a step up from Playland at Mcdonalds.  Bring some hand sanitizer..  Everything gets touched!

Glad we followed the good reviews. Nice place and fun for all ages - my 8y.o and 3y.o. boys had lot of fun, wish we had more time to spend there. There was a 1h wait in line (was Spring Break week where we live in TX), inside was crowded but we could move around easily and see all places. Parking didn't have enough space, had to park around the block but was close.

Fascinating, surprising, fun and imaginative experience, though would only recommend for children 12+. The exhibit suits older sensibilities and awareness; in my opinion, it is too intense for young children.

The only reason I gave the rating I did, is because from my perspective this would be a fantastic attraction for younger folks.I attended w/a large group.  Many older folds stayed in the cafe.I attempted to enter twice buy my intuition said, stay out.  I have low vision and this simply was not for my ability level.  I heard others enjoyed it.

I loved this place.  You just have to see it to believe it.  When we arrived there was a long line to get in.  We purchased tickets online and that put us in shorter line.  Also there are 15% coupons out there that I didn’t know about.  I can’t describe other than an abstract modern art funhouse, maze kind of thing.  A must do in Santa Fe

So hard to describe...but just an incredible experience. The exhibit is beyond compare, imaginative, brilliant, lots of fun. Will leave your jaw dropped while you’re there. Save time and buy tickets on the mobile site to skip the long(er) admission line. 

We didn't really know what to expect with this place, but it was an awesome visit. We even went back later that evening for a second run through (24 hour readmission is free). My kids (1, 9 and 11) loved it and both of us adults also had a great time. It's not for people who are in questionable heath or are unable to crawl, climb and duck through various obstacles or have any sensory issues. The only downfalls were the place is extremely over priced an it was too crowded to participate in the clue hunt/mystery. I'd definitely recommend and off-season visit.

The wife and I visited this today and had a fun time.  The place is just a collection of crazy rooms with things to touch and try out.  A bit like an Alice in Wonderland set.  There were at least two rooms with music and a dance competition for kids which people seemed to enjoy.  It is great for kids and young people, but I am not sure it will be enjoyed by all, unless they have kids with them.  We got there 15 minutes before it opened and had to queue.  By lunchtime, the (large) car park was full and the queues were long.

I gotta say I am not a huge art fan, however, this place is an amazing work of art that you project yourself into. To me it seemed to be a mix of all of the psychedelic movies and cartoons such as Alice in Wonderland, Coraline, etc. If you have children old enough to use their imagination they will love it. I highly recommend this place, it took us roughly 2 hours to see everything, but it was well worth it.

Love to be a kid again? You can emerge in the realm of imagination and adventure. The kids have a blast and the adults play alongside. The venue has concerts in the evenings for local and visiting talent. 

Very crowed, hot and fake.There are a lot of good museums, art, amazing paintings, sculpture, nature  and history in Santa Fe to waste time in this Meow Wolf place

Just saw a show at meow wolf and it was a blast. What a venue. Never have I had so much fun at a show. First time going and can’t wait to get back. 

Crazy cool beyond words! Awesome fun, just have to go and experience this one of a kind place for yourself as no words can describe it..there’s nothing like it.

We were told about this place by my partner’s mother. She had read about it on some travel blogs, so we all ventured out to this attraction. It was such an interesting trip, in terms of what you expect and what you got. I don’t want to say anymore, because it adds to the mystery... but definitely check it out and it is pretty amazing the details by the local artists and designers. 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼

When people ask me about Meow Wolf, I am unable to describe it and tell them they have to experience it.  That's what it is--an Experience--in art, creativity, wonder...Don't miss it if you are in Santa Fe.

This is basically Disneyland of the arts, with a high admission fee.  Maybe OK if you have kids who are bored with gallery-hopping; grownups are likely to find it trite and tiresome.

verry stimulating and unordinary experience.  Sort of a natural mind altering experience with all the visuals.

We had to visit knowing they are building one in Denver,  our home city. The cost was $25 each...kinda pricy for a walk through adventure. I found it to be a great teen place. The rooms were fun to see...it’s a big maze of wildly decorated rooms. I think you are suppose to solve a mystery but I didn’t really understand that part. Fun to see once. 

Completely unexpected wonderful experience.  As we drove up to the building, it didn’t look like much.  Then we went in and discovered a completely fascinating environment of secret doors and fantasy locations within an ordinary house.  So cool! I only wish I had more time to explore. 

Went to NM on business but stayed an extra day for leisure. This interactive art exhibit is so interesting and intriguing. Beats the heck out of the usual pretentious fare at more conventional tourist spots. I loved it and want to bring my kids here ( grown kids). Fun for all open minded people of all ages. 

A must!!! Very interesting place. So much imagination, very cool place for teens. We enjoyed it. So glad we visited this place .

Full of intrigue! I only wish I lived near by and was a part of a "club" and could easily spend every spare moment trying to solve the forever mystery. Such a cool experience for ALL ages. Absolutely incredible. Do your homework studying the concept before visiting and your experience will truly be enhanced. They have events going on that truly sound like SO much fun as well. Went on a Monday to avoid tons of people. It worked! Allow plenty of time to explore. You can even go back later in the same day if you like.. not to mention food trucks just outside to refuel.

No one can really tell you what to expect when visiting Meow Wolf.  The best thing to do is enter the house with an open mind, a child's curiosity and plenty of time to explore every nook and crany.  You will find yourself in a twilight zone of imagination unlike anything you have ever seen.  There are all sorts of optical illusions, unearthly sights and various oddities that will cause you to wonder where you are and how you got there.  It is an excellent opportunity to experience what it must be like to see inside someone's dreams as you wander through them. I highly recommend this.

Interesting for any age. An artsy exploration into, well, lots of things. You can follow the story line, or just set out on your own and see where you end up. Great for kids, families, friends, or couples. Expect waiting lines to enter. Best to check peak times in advance. Parking is a bit hard to find. Enjoyable!

If you are the grandpa and can leave and sit in the quiet car do so. The kids however, loved, loved it. There was so much to explore. It was visual and audio overload. Grandpa hated it, but Grandma thought it was fun even if she couldn't figure out that there a theme. Even the autistic girl (age 9) enjoyed it. She laughed at the musical dino bones and the mirror/light room.

I was worried because there were so many kids standing outside. A friend had recommended  this place to us so we to went for it. Tip 1: Order tickets online you'll save yourself an hour of standing. I literally didn't really get to figure out where the family disappeared because I just walked around in Awe most of the time. Everyone should visit.

Had an absolute blast exploring Meow Wolf with my husband on a recent trip to Santa Fe. It is probably the coolest immersive art insallation I've ever been too. So many neat rooms to explore. Even though it was jam packed with other guests, I never wanted to leave. If something is crowded you can always come back to it since there are so many realms and rooms to explore. We didn't get into the mystery angle of it since we didn't have that much time. Only downside was I could not fit down the dryer slide. The kids who did fit were having a great time though. I would highly suggest visiting Meow Wolf to anyone.

This place is so cool! I loved the storyline, the interactive features which are found in almost all rooms and the sheer creativity that went into the space, no pun intended. We spent at least an hour and a half exploring but you could stay even longer. A delightful sensory experience that can be enjoyed by humans of alll ages.

Meow Wolf is an incredible journey through time and space! Marvel at amazing interactive art installations that boggle your mind and stimulate your senses! My eleven year old daughter told me “You haven’t lived until you’ve been to Meow Wolf”. I highly recommend it!!

Meow Wolf is more like a good sized amusement installation than an art gallery. It is probably not possible to accomplish everything in one setting (the place includes 72 rooms, many with a huge number of things to explore). The displays and walk-throughs (or crawl-throughs) are tasteful and fun. All in all, this is a fun thing to visit and re-visit!

With so many run of the mill attractions around this is a breath of fresh air, crazy but fresh. This place is an assault on the senses in the best possible way; you just don't know which thing to see next so you just go down the rabbit hole and enjoy.

I had no idea what to expect when going to Meow Wolf and had such a great experience. It is a non-stop adventure full of wonders and many different venues of interactive art and mystery.

Very creative, immersive art experience. Unlike any typical museum or gallery. It's fun and appropriate for any age. There are lots of stairs and opportunities to crouch and/or crawl, so just be aware if there are mobility issues. They may have suggestions for that though. There's kind of a story line you can follow if you want but you don't have to. Just go in with an open-mind and follow your intuition. And as a friend told us, "If there's a door, open it."

Very imaginative. A person could spend a lot of time there reading info to try to figure out mystery of disappearance of family from the house but we just enjoyed wandering through all the levels of interactive displays. Glasses added to fun. There was a concert playing that night which we went to. Would highly suggest getting to upper level to watch instead of standing at ground level. Nice to have the railing to lean on

It is not a museum, it is not a gallery, it is an experience.  Clues are scattered throughout the "exhibits" and to solve the mystery, follow the many secret passages.  This is a completely unique experience, perfect for Vegas.

This is unique experience! So much creative energy went into this place. It could easily take more than one visit to feel like you’ve seen it. Meow wolf would be appropriate for any age except the really young. Might frighten the little ones. Interactive and fun!

Imaginative and unique.  All ages will love it. Don't miss the refrigerator and black lite forest.  Enjoy and see if you can solve the.

We went after it was recommended by other family members who've visited. As with the title of this review, totally weird. But not at all scary. Great for kids of all ages. The exhibits defy words, it's that, well, weird. If you're in Santa Fe and looking for something completely different, this is the place to go.

I can’t even begin to tell you how GREAT this place is!!!!! I was going to look at other reviews to see how to beat explain it but I really cant! I let is the most AWESOME place I have ever been! 

Truly a unique experience, I took a minute or 2 to warm-up but wow, this place is cool.  Really cool.  Although not cultural, it's experiential...I'm 60..I had so much fun.

This is a must visit for families with kids. It has lots of interactive fun, visually stimulating and whimsical attractions. We spent several hours in here!!

I can't explain it...but I will try. Meow Wolf is an interactive place, a bit of a haunted house & an eclectic art space that appeals to all of YOUR senses!! I would note that it is dark inside, and you do need to be able to crawl around a bit to see EVERYTHING! This is a must-see in Santa Fe! I went with my brother and his family from Indiana, they have children aged 11 and 14, and my parents are aged 70. We ALL loved it!!! 😁 Plus, they have food trucks outside in the parking lot too!! Best falafel I have had!! 

Super cool Art installation, like nothing you've ever seen. Worth a visit. Give it at least an hour or two or three! So much to see!

I am a Santa Fe Native and have nothing but good things to say about the transformation of what was an abandoned bowling alley from my youth. MEOWWOLF sparks imagination and inspiration. Fun an hour or multiple hours no matter what age. 

Meow Wolf is a unprecedented immersion in nostalgia and fantasy. Pull the handles. Peek through the cracks. Alice's Adventures in Wonderland were like this. 

If you are in Santa Fe NM, this is a must visit place.Both young and old can enjoy this place.So creative and strange filled with imagination.

Without sharing too much about it, you HAVE to check out Meow Wolf if you're in SF. Give yourself at least 2 hrs to check it all out, and take it all in. It's one of the coolest, most incredible art installations/exhibits/immersions I've ever seen. 

It's the place to see and be seen in Santa Fe.  You should be in an absolutely experiential mode if you go.   I loved how off the wall the entire place is, from room to room.  It's great how it messes with your sense of location without any windows in this inner sanctum of art.

This is a must-see if you're in Santa Fe. Don't look it up online, don't try to figure it out before you go, just go and let your inner explorer lose. You'll love it. 

This is a really fun thing to do and it is unique to Sante Fe. It’s difficult to explain exactly what it is but I think most people will have an enjoyable interesting experience. It’s very interactive. It’s a good place for all ages.  There were people there from 1-80 and all seemed to be enjoying themselves. However, I would not recommend it for anyone with physical handicaps because it requires a lot of dexterity. There is a narrative but we couldn’t figure it out.  Also, there are people in white coats, the attendants, walking around the place, but really not giving any direction. This may be intentional but I would have preferred some direction. If you’re in Sante Fe you should make time for the Meow Wolf Experience. It takes about two and a half hours to go through.

This was our first time visiting Meow Wolf. At first our kids (ages 5 and 3) were a bit hesitant, but within a few minutes they loved it!!!! There’s so much to do and explore. I don’t know who had more fun, us or them. And I love that it’s totally interactive. Things you hit, not hard, that make music, crawling through passages, finding secret passages. But my ultimate favorite experience was the arcade games from the 80’s! Super cool. When you visit, just remember that the door you think doesn’t open... OPENS! 😉

What a fun, creative place. We loved our stop at Meow Wolf. It was hard for us to enjoy and see everything because there were SO many people (we went on a Sunday) and our kids kept running off. This would be a really easy place to lose a small child... Otherwise, I would have given a rating of 5. Super fun experience.

This museum is extremely cool! You need to spend at least 2 hours there. It is crazy too. Very creative and worth the visit. It is unlike any museum you could have ever visited.

Read an article about this place a few months ago and today we finally managed to go. We arrive a few minutes before they opened at 10 and there was already a line. Some might say to get your tickets online but the lines moved the same for both: presale/ on-site ticket sales. You pay a fixed fee per person and you’re good to go for the whole day, so if you skip out to go eat or head to the restroom, you can return without paying again. Ok so you begin at the Victorian house looking for clues as to why the inhabitants disappeared. As you explore, there are doors that lead to different adventures... the fridge, the dryer, etc... great place to visit but it got packed pretty quick making it hard to study the clues and follow the story. Overall a great space for art, check out sculptures outside and the food trucks. Parking is tricky, you may have to park on the street. 

What an experience!  I took my 6 & 19 year old here on a quick trip to Santa Fe, we all loved it. We didn’t get to get involved in the story, the youngest was too excited to explore everything.   

Love this place! Everyone in the family (tween, teen and an 8 yr old, plus two 40 somethings) had a blast. We stayed there and explored for about 3-4 hours.

This is a place like no other I have been to.   From the time you walk in your senses are bombarded!  We visited during a very crowded holiday week and am planning a return trip to see all that we missed! 

This place is a creative treasure....A current generations wonderland and a fascinating mind .blowing adventure for us more mature,folks....Don't miss it .nothing like it that I know of...

The whole place is a mind-blowing experience. From the get go to the exit, the whole journey, the details, look for the details... every thing was carefully planned.The food and drinks at the cafeteria was also great!

I’ve visited Meow Wolf twice in the last 6 months, and it is incredible!  So many unique experiences and activities. It’s a playground for all ages!  There were new exhibits this time (I think they are constantly adding to the experience). I could easily spend half-a-day here. Go!!!

Great art, amazing variety of artists and a really fun concept.  Part Haunted Hause, part dance club, part performance art piece, all FRESH and SURPRISING.  Don't miss it.

I dont even know how to describe it. I am not the artsy type, but this is a must see. This exhibit is nuts. Plan atleast three hours though. We went two hours before closing and really needed more time.

We’re visiting Santa Fe and Meow Wolf is one of the best activities we’ve done together in a long time!  There are so many twists and turns- be prepared for testing your flexibility if you’re over 40!  Don’t miss the laser harp.

We are on vacation in New Mexico and after some days in Albuquerque and Taos, we stopped for two days in Santa Fé.  So, we booked three adults in the Meow Wolf experience. The installation is very good and if it were for me, I could still be reading and playing. Great entertainment enhanced by the 3 D experience!

This place is a must see. We went with the entire family small kids to grandparents. Everyone had fun. You all work together to solve the mystery. When you go you need to allow for some time. We spent about 2 hours there and did not see it all. Strollers are backpacks are not allowed. 

This is an impossible attraction to describe in words, it simply has to be experienced.  It's art, but it's more than that.  It's interactive, it's a cross between a maze, Alice in Wonderland, and a crazy fever dream.  Incredibly inventive, one of a kind.  Plan to spend at least three hours.

This is a very unusual place.  It can be enjoyed by people of all ages.  It's an explosion of unplanned art.  There is too much to say in just a short review but it is definitely worth a visit.  The lines can be long to buy a ticket so buy online if you can instead of the door.You should allow at least an hour maybe two to see everything....or rather experience everything.

To say this place is one of a kind would be an understatement. Definitely an experience you must have while visiting Santa Fe! 

What a fun activity for the entire family!  Truly unique and a MUST to add to your places to visit list.  All ages will enjoy the lights, colors, art and atmosphere.  Interactive art enhances the mind and this place does not disappoint!

This place was out of this world experience...My kids loved it and were unstoppable...Each room was so imaginative and well illustrated artwork. Can’t giveaway too muchAs you have to go and experience it yourself..Don’t think twice..

This place is hard to describe but it's basically an interactive multimedia art museum wrapped around a faux mystery of a family living in a Victorian home that disappeared. Much of the displays play into this although it's entirely up to your own interpretation. It's a great place for all ages. Make sure to get there early... We didn't believe the website when they warned about lines and had to wait 30+ minutes to get in (and this was with us buying tickets online beforehand). Still we had a great time. 

We had heard from several people in Santa Fa about things to do while there and several mentioned "Meow Wolf"....this place is fine for children under 5 or so....my 2 Granddaughters were amused for about 20 minutes...I felt like I had been put in a mixing bowl and blown out of the bowl by the beaters....the space was a whirlwind of lots of creative funk all blown out into I'm not quite sure what.....we went under the idea that it was sort of a scavenger hunt trying to figure out what happened to this family....thinking we would be getting clues to walk around solve the riddle...it is just lots of weaving, turning, up and down of steps, rooms set up like a house, flashing lights, mumble jumble, oddities everywhere....it is definitely something I would not be interested in doing again...while lots of time and money have gone into this project I came away wondering what in the world had I just seen???...I see others have reviewed it as "do not miss" or "very unique and fun"....it was all just very odd to me ...that is the thing about people...we all have different opinions for sure but this was just a wee bit too carnival like for me.

Children will rate this a 5 and for children it deserves it.  Yes it is entertaining for all ages, but most adults will not take the hours the younger set will to go through it.  This is amazingly creative.

After hearing about this, we had to make a stop here because it was something so unique.  We had a great time...the only downside is, that it was very busy when we went, which kind of takes away from the whole experience.  I definitely recommend checking this out if you are in Santa Fe.

It's difficult to describe, but here it goes:  We wandered through this creative, artistic, strange, sometimes creepy, alternative-reality type environment.  For young kids, the whole place is a spectacle.  For the older kids and adults who are interested, there is a sci-fi mystery to try to solve as well. 

It’s an art installation. It’s a fun house. It’s so much more. Hard to explain, you just have to experience 

Less you know the better. Only tip: don't waste the extra buck on the 3D Glasses. Totally unnecessary and pretty much a scam. However, the experience inside is indescribable! Set aside 3 hours so you know you won't be rushed. Pee before entering so you can remain immersed. GO NOW. MEOW WOLF is your DESTINY!

This place is amazing! A must see! I have been there about 8xs and still see something new every time! It is magical and indescribable! 

Had two preteens and two teens to entertain. Boys and girls. Wasn't sure if everyone would enjoy themselves. After 3+ hours, everybody was exhausted from playing, wondering, and experimenting-- that we left, only to grab some food :-). Super fun. That's all I have to say.

Highly recommend spending an extra buck to buy the polarized/3d glasses with entry fee. They greatly enhance the glow in the dark and 3d aspects of many of the exhibits.

What a blast! I couldn’t recommend more highly! And a special shout out to Ivan in the gift shop! He set me up with an experience tube. Thank you Ivan!

Hard to summarize what this is, but think of play house meets Alice in Wonderland. Amazing mix of art, design, music, mystery, and whimsy. There are supposedly 70+ rooms, many in a 3 story 1950's frame house with worn mid-century furnishings. Open an dryer door and find a chute taking you down to who knows where. Behind an innocent closet door, you find another universe. Theres even a vintage video game arcade. All I heard people saying was "awesome"! Great experience and well worth the $20 or so you'll pay for entry. Kids and adults loved it.

We (2 adults) only had 1 1/2 hrs to spend there, but could have stayed for much longer.  It is strange and wonderful.  I was wondering if 2 adults would like it, but we had a great time!  I would go back again and plan on a couple hours at least.

This was an interesting destination in Santa Fe for me, my daughter and my adult granddaughter. Sort of an Artist's Nightmare, with lots of hidden staircases, bolt holes and doors. Fun stuff!

This place has the most immersive installation art I have ever seen. Every concept is there from the mundane to high fantasy. Lighting makes so much of the venue work and they use every creative kind possible. The artists did a fantastic job bringing their creations to life. My favorite is matching the black light fish tank in the house to the large black light coral that's a little farther down on the journey. We also love the Samurai Owl. Nice to be able to stop for a beer. They have a nice selection on tap. Good place for a snack, too.I feel the the installation is more geared to an adult audience and there were a lot of kids who didn't seem to understand what was going on. While it is kid friendly and a creative environment, I feel that an older audience appreciates it so much more. An interesting layer to the experience is the live music. We were serenaded by a tuba player for a little while. There was also a band in the open area performing some funky tunes. The performers add nice depth to the entire place.

I loved this place!  Tried not to get too hung up on solving "the mystery" and just enjoyed exploring.....and getting lost.  We were there 2 hours and not enough time.  You just have to experience this.

One of a kind experience that is definitely worth the trip. Hidden passages, interactive art, a mystery with clues planted throughout the house, creepy guys in lab coats...and much more.

Wow! What an experience!! Went with family who had been before. The further I went in, the more I wanted! This was an amazing experience!!

This is a cross between magic house city museum & 50's & 60's.   it is interactive and there is a lot to do and touch in there

Very fun and interesting. We didn’t participate in the mystery but I would love to go back and see if I could solve. Very interesting and interactive.

Cool place to check out if your in the area visiting or looking for something different to try. I recommend getting the 3D glasses. For a $1 more its well worth the visual effects. Put the glasses on and check out the hallway by the bathroom as well. 

No words or photos can fully describe how amazing this place is!  I fell in love the moment I walked inside!  They have something for everyone!  Fun, Sci-Fiction, Mystery, Live Music at night, a bar, gifts, art for kids, chill spots, etc.

My niece took us here a few weeks ago and, wow! We were hesitant to go at first because when we asked her to explain what Meow Wolf was she struggled and just kept saying "you'll see!". The best way to explain Meow Wolf, is comparing it to a giant piece of art that you can explore and interact with. You can walk through a full sized house with secret rooms, go back in time and play the xylophone on a mammoth's rib cage, play old-school videogames in an intergalactic arcade, and thousands of other fun experiences. It seems like a random mess of wild art exhibits at first, but here comes the best part: there's a story to find in all this madness. If you have the time, you can explore all the clues that the exhibits leave and piece together the "secret" of Meow Wolf. We spent at least 3 hours here but I wouldn't say we solved it. Maybe next time we'll try again. Such a great and unique experience; we felt like kids again. Don't pass this if you're looking for something to do in Santa Fe.

Meow Wolf is a crazy collaboration of many artists' work combined into an interactive experience.  My wife and enjoyed visiting it based on our college-age son's recommendation.  It would be even better for a family with kids!!

My college aged son found this place- it was such a wild and fun experience. Part mystery, acid trip and creative design. Then there was music too! We had such a great time and spent almost 3 hours here! Worth every penny!!

Lots of surprises around every corner. You can climb thru a drier and end up in another room. Rich, visual, and hands-on. Great fun for kids. 

This is one of those places that really soaks into your subconscious. My husband and I are still saying to each other “Remember that one spot in Meow Wolf? Do you think.....” There aren’t any words to describe it, really. Just go. I have an aversion to anything sci-fi related and I particularly hate outer space and the idea of different dimensions, but even I loved it. The only way to do it is get there when they open. We were advised to do this- even though it was a random weekday- this place gets packed out starting around 11am. There’s so much to explore, allow at least 2 hours. As our Uber driver said our first day in Santa Fe, “Welcome to Santa Fe, you’re going to Meow Wolf and you will ****ing love it.”

This is one of the coolest things I've seen! This is a must see for cool kids visiting Santa Fe. This isn't just for little kids though. I'm 40 and LOVED It!!! I wish we could have seen a band while we were there. I'm sure it's an amazing venue for a show. I've been raving about this place for the last month since our visit.

Colorful, confusing & exciting. I think you would get the most joy by going with children. Really take your time & study each area to get the full impact. WARNING: My husband has PTSD & had to leave after a very short time. It was loud, unexpected & strange, all things conducive to discomfort for him.

It was really fun seeing the enchantment and magic in the eyes of my 9 month old son and his two cousins (1.5 and 3.5 years old) If you do bring an infant use a front carry baby carrier and keep a sharp eye on children that may want to run ahead. It is extremely easy to lost sight of young children. Very fun for art lovers of all ages. Some interactive rooms and be aware of very tight staircases. You cannot bring backpacks or strollers inside.

A clever and far out venue. Aliens and art. Very creative. A place to explore and be amazed. You could spend days walking through this exhibit. Go and have fun!!!! 

You must visit Meow Wolf. You won't be disappointed. Take your time and don't rush. Backtrack to experience rooms several times.

This is a phenomenal interactive art museum!! My group included 5 adults (ages 73, 57, 47, 30, & 28) and a13 year old. Now finding a place that can engage this group at all levels seems an impossible challenge. Not here. Meow Wolf had something for everyone! The amazing variety of “rooms” that have been organized in a funhouse style maze encompass every sensory stimulation. From the bizarre (a room of glowing eyes) to the treasuring hunting finds of a room which exited thru a refrigerator. There are many tunnels stairs slides and secret rooms where you can explore and embrace adventure and tactical experiences. We spent 3 hours here, but I could have stayed ALL day. They have guides whom where lab coats in most areas in case you get lost or turned around. If you get tired or thirsty they have an extensive concessions which includes beer. The souvenir shop is small but has a lovely selection of merchandise to chose as a memento. This review no matter how descriptive cannot do this place justice. It was AMAZING!! Go! Wow! What a beautiful experience! 

Felt a little like Alice stumbling into Wonderland with a new experience around every corner and through every possible hole, fireplace, refrigerator, dryer, etc.  It was a little overwhelming at first with the level of stimulation but if you can take your time and experiment with every button, knob, touch everything, light, music...absolutely something for all of your senses.  And then there's the whole story going on.  Next time I want to spend more time getting to read all the diaries, letters, listen to all the videos.  Something for everyone.  Try to plan for a midweek visit.  Probably not as enjoyable if super crowded.

Be prepared to spend at least four hours to see the whole thing.  Best time to go during the week is when school is in session, or first thing on a Sunday.  Once it got crowded, I found it difficult to enjoy.  Some of the exhibits take time and when it's crowded, you can't get to them and spend time there without feeling pressured to allow the next person in to enjoy.  Fun surprises to keep a look out for.  Just when you think you've seen it all, more is discovered.

We weren't sure what to expect, we have visited art galleries, installations and have done escape games. This is none and all of the above, I challenges your senses and is great fun.  It causes you to think a  little differently. I will not spoil the surprise, but if you re in Santa Fe and you don't like the outdoors at that point in time then visit.

It's hard to describe Meow Wolf. It must be experienced firsthand. It's quite amazing! My only wish was that we could have had a map to make sure we weren't missing anything. 

It would be difficult to explain Meow Wolf in a few characters. Think: your childhood imagination lit on fire while you're plummeting down an Alice in Wonderland rabbit hole deep into space and time. It was artistic, explosively colorful, imaginative, playful, fun, & totally amazing. *Applause for this awesome collective funded by one amazing writer.

Meow Wolf provides an extraordinary experience. I would be doing you a disservice if I told you of the remarkable things you will see. Just know that this is one of the more unique exhibits to be found in Santa Fe.   

I took visiting family members here because they had teenagers and wanted them to have something fun to do instead of visiting art galleries or shopping but ended up enjoying our visit as much as the kids did. One of the most creative, interesting, imaginative places on earth. Can't wait to return again and again!

We celebrated Day of the Dead at Meow Wolf where most people went in costume, with painted skull faces to hear the great band...also in costume! It was a very special experience. The artist interactive displays were like nothing I have ever seen or experienced before! This is a not-to-be-missed interactive art experience!

Do not miss SFe's newest mind expanding experience when you open a refrigerator door and end up in a whole new world of color, movement, art and creative expansion for all ages and affordable.Truly unique.

Seemed like a fun house at a carnival.  It was fun, but don't think we would return.  The most fun room was the laser lights that could be played like a harp.  

Meow Wolf is the most difficult adventure I can explain to others, but truly the MOST amazing thing we have done together. It was art, meets adventure, meets story, meets sci-fi, meets Avatar like land and experience. Our kids, and my husband and I soaked in every turn, picture, detail and creation in this place. We could have easily spent all day here and still found new things to see and explore. This is a must see if you are in the Santa Fe area and want a break from the stuffy galleries and truly touch, feel and experience art and fantasy together. --WOW! Very special and memorable time as a family--thank you! --My only complaint is that it is a little pricy for a family of four who want to just experience it for a few hours, but that's it. --Truly needs to come to Denver, and we will be there when it does!

We were told that it was artsy and unusual and it was and it's difficult to describe, but it's worth a look when you are in town

...we wandered around for a few hours enjoying the different experiences.  Odd?  Definitely.  Wish I could have made my own icon to leave behind as a visitor.  Reminded me of some of the folk art installations I've visited in other countries.

Went here for a special concert event and had a blast running through it beforehand.  The bar had excellent draft beer as well.  This place is like nothing else you will ever experience!

This is an artist collective Exploration Activity.  Give yourself a minimum of 1.5/2.0 hours -you could stay there for 5 hours.  20,000 Sq. ft of rooms with unique sound, vision, texture and graphics.  Walk through the Fridge into a secret hallway; slide down an oven into the dryer.  Play a 3 sided laser harp in a pitch black room... get the idea?  You never know what you are walking, crawling, climbing or stepping into - each room is unique.  Ample free parking, food trucks outside, bar inside in the evening.TIP:  BUY TICKETS ONLINE TO AVOID THE LINE!!!  You can bypass all those people standing in line and wasting 20 minutes to an hour.  The artists don't have great business sense - they should be selling tickets with mobile processing in line.

I wasn't sure exactly what to expect with our visit to meow wolf but it exceeded all expectations! Exploring the house and discovering the secrets within was fascinating. We absolutely loved the interactive art displays. We spent about 3 hours and would have loved to explore even longer. Great for all ages. Snack and beer for sale. Great little gift shop too. A MUST do when in Santa Fe!

There's a lot to see in Santa Fe, but only one Meow Wolf.  What an amazing place.  Hard to use words for this interactive, exploratory, almost psychedelic art exhibit.  Incredible.

Meow Wolf is a Santa Fe must see! We spent two-hours there but you could definitely spend more time. It's a fun, interactive art museum with unusual collections all drawn together in a mysterious twist. Highly recommend!

My adult son and I visited recently, and we enjoyed the interactive theme of Meow Wolf.  There are many twists and turns, and plenty to see.  It's easy to spend a few hours working your way through the exhibits.  Several spots require a person to bend down or crawl, so keep that in mind.  This is suitable venue for any age.  They have seats to rest or observe throughout the venue. There is a concession area and gift shop, as well as several food trucks outside.  Parking is limited, so I recommend arriving early.  There is a admission discount for in-state NM residents, which we appreciated.

Pretty amazing. You can look it up and see pictures but it’s nothing compared to seeing in person! A must go to at least once in your life, maybe two so you can take it all in. 

This place is AMAZING. It was very crowded, and they're probably breaking fire code rules, but it was the most fun I've ever had in the SF/ABQ areas. Everything is so well done and put together! The colors are beautiful, and the storyline and little hints everywhere are great. I would love to see it expand in the future and have more climbing and slides hidden around. They should do a 18+ week when it's all made scary!Love that GRRM was a part of this. My favorite parts were the ribs that play music and the laser harp room! Needs better AC though, it was very warm! 

This is so fun and such a differnt type of experience.  Great for any age and anyone that can go into something looking to see and discover art in an out-there form. You have to do this! Take your time and really dig in and figure out what's going in in the "story." 

I went to Meow Wolf not knowing anything about the place. All I can say is wow- one visit is not enough to take in the amazing activities- so varied and it caters for all ages. 

It's a fun place to explore with friends or family. It's got a pop art or outsider art sensibility wedded to an Alice In Wonderland layout. I would say geared toward a younger, hipper, chemically altered crowd.

Didn't know what to expect. Delighted in the twists and turns of the experience. Very creative place brought a big smile to our faces. Was an expensive visit for a family of four. 

This place is a must see.  Art museum merges with funhouse.  However-it is geared towards more flexible and smaller humans!  You can either play along with the "mystery" and gather clues or just wander and have fun.  BTW a map might be a great idea guys?

Go here!  Visit this place!  You won't be disappointed.  What a fantastical morning we had exploring the nooks and crannies of Meow Wolf.  Interested in fantasy, science fiction, dreamscapes, and myths?  Then this is your kind of place.  Words really can't do it justice.  You just have to see it for yourself.

Place was great. Lots to do. My 11 year old son, hubby and I all liked it. Got there at 10am Saturday and there was a line, moved pretty quick. Will call line wait was similar to ticket buying line. We spent 2 hours there and went to lunch and got back around 4pm. Place was packed with people by that time but still fun and room enough for everyone. They have a cute gift shop and bar as well.

Despite hearing about Meow Wolf for over a year, I finally made the trip from Albuquerque and it was so worth it! It was such a fun, trippy, entertaining experience. It's basically a giant, interactive art experience. By no means was it scary so could be fun for all ages. We went after 4 on a Wednesday and it was not very busy at all. When we left around 6, there was a massive line for a show that was happening that night so just beware of other events when going. There's a story you can try to figure out, but I recommend just exploring and having fun the first time. It can be a lot to take in and trying to focus on the story portion is a bit hard. I definitely plan on going back to try to figure out what happened to the family. Figuring out the story portion could definitely lead to a longer experience as well. We just explored and was there for about an hour and a half. The story portion could easily take double that.

Meow Wolf was maybe the thing I was most looking forward to while in Santa Fe, and it did not disappoint. A groovy, wacky installation of fluorescent lights and objects, some moving and talking, with secret passages, and music, all wrapped around a loose narrative. Stunning. And also, as others have mentioned, a bit of a test for my head and stomach. Worth it though.

Tons of fun. Go with your friends family whoever and enjoy. Don’t judge just enjoy.  Awesome for little kids too. 

I did not know what I was getting myself into but I LOVED it! The only way I can describe it is as a Disneyland on steroids. We got inside and went straight into a clothes dryer. I really enjoyed it and wished I would have had more time to do the interactive adventure they offer! Have fun!

When a local burrista/bartender told me to check out Meow Wolf, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I like art but I'm not the type to go to a classic art gallery.  I decided to give it a try.  I am so glad I did! They had live music, a bar, and the exhibit itself, which was the real draw.  You go into this Alice In Wonderland type of three dimensional world that has so many parallels it is mind-boggling.  It's a real mystery and an eye-catching masterpiece.  The cool part is there is a real mystery behind why it's like that and you get to figure out that mystery.  It has clues that you get to search through.  Everything is touchable.  "The more you touch, the more you'll discover."  DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE!!!

Having found this attraction on TA, I worked it into our schedule and was the first stop on our Western adventure.  I was a bit apprehensive of how my wife might find this to her liking but we were BOTH amazed...spent WAY TOO much time there but would have spent MORE if our plans had allowed.  This is a MUST DO in Santa Fe.  AMAZING is a horrible understatement.  Sensory overload for all ages.  MAGICAL even!

Meow Wolf is modern art taken to the extreme.  This is a place to experience and not just to peruse.  One should interract with the art.  You walk around in an enchanted house trying to solve a mystery (optional) and you go through each room and explore.  All the items in the rooms are made to be picked up, looked at, and/or experience.  This is just such an odd place that you have to see it to believe it.

Words do not clearly describe the experience other than it is a lot of fun wandering though a seemingly endless series of black light lit rooms on a quest of discovery.  Tip:  Read the reviews on TripAdvisor AND boot up short video's from Youtube then book your tickets online (no lines) and arrive early ready to spend a full day.  The good news is that once you check in you are given in-out privileges so you can take a break and have lunch elsewhere then return later in the day.

We heard about this attraction from the people at our hotel in Albuquerque.  We made the trip up to Santa Fe and it was completely worth it.  It is the most interactive museum/art collective we have ever visited.  Plan on 4 hours there.  I wish we lived closer to be able to go back again.

This art installation by many artists is actually a puzzle - a mystery to be solved. There are enough clues to keep you busy nonstop for days. Many hidden doors and walkways. We were there for over 2 hours and I'm pretty sure we didn't see everything. But it's a lot of fun! Very unique. Not a passive, just stare at the art kind of experience.

This amazing place was pointed out to us by Inez at the DoubleTree Hotel in Albuquerque. I had read about it on line but she convinced us to go.  Shades of being a college kid on dope.  The imagination it totally staggered once you get inside.  We chose to enter through a  refrigerator door and the fun began,  The minds and talent that went into this creations have to be seen in person to be appreciated. There were mushrooms on rocks that changed color if your hit them and a lighthouse that went nowhere plus bedrooms representing teenage girls and boys and an old beetle bug type camper complete with camp stove and dishes  DO NOT MISS THIS

You've never had an experience like Meow Wolf.  It makes you feel like a kid again.  Explore all the rooms and enjoy.

But very much in keeping with Santa Fe as one of the most creative, artistic places in the world. Like Florence of Italy, or Ubud of Indonesia, cities like this shine as beacons for their countries. Enjoy :)

We could have spent all day here, and if we ever go back with our kids, I think we will. I know my youngest daughter would have fun reading all the little snippets of information scattered throughout the "house" to try to piece together the mystery of what happened to the family. We had limited time, so we just tried to make sure we explored every nook and cranny, and it took well over 2 hours to do so. There are so many things to play with where you can make music or play with lighting effects or just climb all over bizarre sculptures. Some people we were with felt a little disoriented by the experience, but we all agreed that it was 100% unique and well-worth visiting.

We finally got to Meow Wolf after lots of friends and buyers had suggested it, us and our grown up child.  And we spent two of the most delightful and funfilled places we've ever been.  It's exciting how much they made the first year, how much they've raised, and where their next establishment is going to be!

This is a hard review to write as Meow Wolf is so crazy that one has to experience it to believe it.  I crawled through a fireplace, disappeared inside a fridge, spun around in the clothes drier, all the time trying to discover the secrets that where in the house.  One feels like you have stepped inside a video game made real.  It was mind blowing.

I entered the House of Eternal Return with an open mind and no expectations, and was pleasantly surprised by all the various art installations and portals you can go through and appreciate. A very eye-opening experience to all the endless possibilities! I don't want to give away too much but definitely a must see when you're in Santa Fe. 

Very very cool place! Basically an interactive space with lots of colors and done by various artists. It is a fun place to explore and was one of my favorite places to go in New Mexico. Definitely go if you get the chance!

Be prepared to spend several hours in this unique, thought and creativity provoking exhibit. Great opportunities for photographers or those seeking a mind opening experience.

This is the place to discover with kids or for those who need to discover their inner-kid.  What you get out of it involves how much you are willing to put into exploring and experiencing it.Having said that, I almost failed... at first.  I wasn't able to appreciate this until I was able to leave the outside world--and the outside me with all my outside problems--behind.   Once I was able to accept this on its own terms and let go of the rational part of me, I became a child wandering another universe.  Remember, this is part inter-active art exhibit, part Choose Your Own Adventure.  Everything big and small is meant to be touched, examined, and explored.  What you are willing to do relates proportionately to how much you will get from your visit.  Even then, I can say there were guests who got far more out of this than I and I'm still giving it 5 stars.  My only concern is that parts of this may be physically-challenging to those who are not up to the task.  Climbing (stairs/ladders/more) and crawling are part of the experience.My friend and I became so immersed in the exhibit that it became almost overwhelming to leave it behind and re-enter the "real" world.  We did this once for a quick lunch break, only to discover there was still quite a bit we hadn't yet seen when we re-entered.  It is easy to overlook or otherwise miss much of what is there.  Still, if you are a kid, can re-discover your inner-kid, or just need an escape from your mundane life, this is for you.

We stopped here first in Santa Fe. It was a little intimidating and unstructured at the beginning but we got into the exploration pretty quickly. Lots to look at, touch and play with. Be ready to spend a few hours at least. Plenty of random sitting options so you can chill and soak it in.

Pretty far out but I am glad I tried in once.   I found lots of the scenes a little stressful but I am not for things this unusual.   Kids probably really enjoy it.

This place is unlike any other place I have visited. It’s so unique it’s hard to describe other to say it’s an interactive art museum/complex. Well worth a visit.

I am not even sure what to say about this place.  Pop up, multi-room interactive art exhibits are becoming a trend - we recently went to the Museum of Ice Cream in Los Angeles and I've read about 29 Rooms in New York.  First of all - make sure you have a couple hours or more for Meow Wolf.  And don't be surprised if your exhausted afterwards.  Its not physical exhaustion, is mental.  The sensory overload is a real thing.  But it is so cool.  I'm 51, my husband 49 and our daughter is 14 and an aspiring artist.  We all have different tastes but we all loved it.  Its weird and its freaky and its sometimes disconcerting, but that's what we loved about it.

Give yourself at least a couple of hours to make your way around and through and up and down all of the interesting weird wacky wonderfulness that is Meow Wolf. If you are inclined, there is a "mystery" to be solved along the way. Hope to return for one of their live music events in the future.

It was a really neat experience. It felt like 1 part children's museum, 1 part haunted house, and 1 part art museum. There is a lot to explore and there are new things everywhere you look. It is a bit overwhelming with sound and light and everything going on. It was a really neat immersive art experience

We went to check it out because of the buzz. It is everyones fantasy funhouse. Go well fed and comfortably dressed. Skirts will hinder your movement. George Martin is a genius. Consider hints of Being John Malkovich moments, and old fashioned carnival funhouse. Not suitable for children under 6 who are shy or sensitive. Almost too much to see in one visit

It is difficult to describe but well worth the visit.  It is something you will not find anywhere else and should not be missed. 

We arrived at Meow Wolf in Santa Fe at 09:50. It took a little over 10 minutes to get in, and they opened the doors at 10:00.  There were probably 40 people ahead of us but there is a special line for people who, like us, had pre-purchased tickets, which cut the wait way down.  Once inside it took us about an hour to see the whole “House of Eternal Return” which is the current exhibit/experience.  Interactive is one adjective to describe it; I agree with the other TA reviewer who called it psychedelic.  Bizarre would also fit.  It is like a big maze inside and I am sure we didn’t see or experience all of it.  You can just wander through and look at/touch everything or there is also a theme and you can look for the clues associated with this; we didn’t.  I suspect this is the most unique and unusual ‘museum’ in the country – if museum is even the right word.  Art exhibit might be closer.

Sooooooooo much fun!!! My tween and I went a couple of weeks ago. We went on a Monday morning about 10:30ishAM. Best. Place. EVER! Ever. Like Squints forrr-EVV-ERRRR. Ever. Just Go. Best time to visit Mondays around 10-30ishAM. Don't research it any further. Let it be a wonderful surprise. It's Amazing! GO!!

I'd love to meet the creator of this bizarre & interesting attraction. You've heard of Meow Wolf or you wouldn't be looking. Is it worth about $20 per person, I'm not sure. A rainy day in Santa Fe brought us there and it WAS interesting and very different. Your kids (even older ones) may find it lots of fun and certainly something different for the little ones bored with a very adult Santa Fe experience.

A truly psychedelic experience, Meow Wolf challenges the idea that art and museums and exhibits are to be 'untouchable' and static; every little knob, door, switch is interactive. A blend of fabrics, mediums, colors and lights - brings the user into an almost Alice In Wonderland type of awe. Odd musical items, small rooms, loud rooms, quiet rooms, weird slides & weird entrances in places you would not expect. Buy the color enhancing goggles - they make the experience truly engaging. Try not to get lost - or do!

MW is gaining raves around the world for its interactive approach to art installation. It isn't the kind of show they can transport from gallery to gallery; so be sure to visit. You can approach MW in different ways- fun house with hidden passages, mystery to be solved, artists' creations.....It is a bit away from the centre of town and parking is limited. I suggest you go early to enjoy the space before the afternoon crowds. 

Something different to do in Santa Fe. Use our imagination and away you go. A one time venture. Wish they offered Senior Rates!

Indescribable!You gotta experience this beyond unique art installation first hand!We loved, loved, loved it!Kudos to the artists and operators for creating such an unbelievable space!Meow Wolf is the BEST art installation we have ever experienced!

Although Meow Wolf is often compared to a fun house, it is pure art, through and through. The exhibits are stunning, and other-worldly. Schedule at least 3 hours to spend here, but 5 - 6 hours would be better. They have food trucks on site so you can take a break and get your bearings mid-day. Your entrance fee includes a wrist-band, which gives you all day access to the exhibit, so you can come and go freely throughout the day. I don't recommend taking your kids here, as it is easy to get separated, which is really annoying for other Meow Wolf guests. Please only take your kids if you are willing to manage them throughout the exhibits. "Have you seen my mom?" was a super annoying, recurring question we heard during our time there.Make sure you start the mail box and read the letter before you enter the house. It puts everything into perspective.I love this place and can't wait to go back!

I would move in if I could.  This is a creative, unique, and submersive experience.  I would say it's like Beetlejuice, Alice and Wonderland, and Stanley Kubrick had a meage a tois and Meow Wolf is their baby.  It's a don't miss attraction in Santa Fe - if you are into that type of thing.

Okay it's unseasonably cold and rainy for late September in Santa Fe. We spent the whole day walking around the historic district, sightseeing, eating and we're pretty pooped out by 4pm. Went back to hotel, rain is falling harder and we said now what?Meow Wolf was on my radar but who wants to wander inside if the weather was delightful? Well we headed there and it was a blast for two baby boomers who recalled the first time seeing black lights and neon and reliving it in a never ending warped art vision that was very mentally stimulating. Where does this door go? What happens when I crawl in this tunnel? My wife kept thinking for sure we're done but I kept finding new areas to experience. A real surreal adventure that was well worth the visit. 

This is the most bizarre museum/interactive space I've ever been in and I loved it. It's expensive but you can spend hours there. More than 50 rooms and each one totally different. Open a refrigerator and enter a house. Sit down in another room and play music with your butt. And it goes on and on!

Fun interactive art!  You really have to experience this to get it.  Each room is different.  You need to explore to see it all.  I spent 3 hours in it and don't think I actually saw everything.  You can spend a little time here or a lot.  Lots to see for everyone.

Meow Wolf is an amazing creative destination. To get the full effect or to really understand the story of this place though you would literally need to spend a full 24 hours figuring it out. That unfortunately is not going to happen when you are in the 'museum' with hundreds of other people. A must see though and it is still fun to go in and explore even if you don't understand the story. There is a creative room for children to hangout in outside of the actual 'museum' as well as a small bar and eating area. They also have food trucks outside and shows regularly in the museum.

We visited the House of Eternal Return and had a great time.  The show starts in a Victorian House with a mystery to solve.  As you go through the house there are surprises that lead you to different dimensions.  I don't want to give it all away, but it was the most interesting multi-dimensional show I have seen.

The experience is everything. The space is interesting and fun to explore. It centers around a house where a family with a son and a daughter and the mother's brother lived. There is lots of material where you can pick up bits of information about members of the family or you can make up your own story. The house has secret passages to other worlds. No 2 trips to Meow Wolff are the same.

Meow Wolf was a lot of fun.  We got lost several times but, I think that is half of the fun.  Still not quite sure of the plot...

We greatly enjoyed this installation.  Lots of intriguing things to look at and interact with. There's something everywhere you look!  Kids appear to have a ton of fun there too.  As a person with (currently) limited mobility, there are some stairways that weren't navigable, but there was always a way to get to every part of the place.

We were fortunate to get to visit Meow Wolf before the crowd arrived.  I would definitely not enjoy with a lot of people.  It was a fascinating journey for people of all  ages.  If you're not curious and willing to try and see what is behind the door or in the fireplace - you probably won't enjoy.  Otherwise, let the creative juices flow!

This was fun and obviously enjoyed by many but I wasn't into reading all the clues to get the scope or meaning of it all. Understand that I get overwhelmed in big malls as well. So many love this place but not my thing

Unexpected. Child-like joy. Undesirable experience. Would recommend to teens-adults who are mobile and have an ability to just go with it. Not scary, but ethereal

This place is amazing - we were only there for a couple of hours but if we lived in the area I could see us going often. There is something for everyone. My kids loved it and I was able (to a certain extent) look at all of the details and thought that went into this interactive exhibition. Definitely one of the coolest things I have ever experienced. 

Meow Wolf is kind of indescribable but absolutely fabulous and mind bending on sooooo many levels.  Every time I go you see something new. I just love it. So weird, cool and creative!!!

Wow!  This place was highly recommended so we took a chance!  We were also advised DONT investigate just experience it and that was GREAT advise!  Some of us liked it more than others but it did it make for a great conversation to compare experiences!  Allow 2 hours to explore and maybe even take breaks to compare stories (there is a bar for a wine or beer refresher).  Enjoy all the uniqueness of it and know it's an immersion in an art world... some great and some different!  $20 is worth it!

I am not sure I liked it, but it was visually very interesting.It was crowded and offered surprises around every corner. It  was also quite expensive.

We took our five-year old grandson, and there was something for him and for us seniors.  You can definitely spend hours investigating and continue to find surprises.  It is difficult to describe, as its not like anything I've seen before.  Maybe a combination of an amusement park with contemporary art?You can clearly explore on more than one level.  Most, especially those with young children, just wander around finding surprises.  But there is also a way to explore it following clues to solve a mystery.  We say people doing this, and I read a couple of clues, but there's not time to do this with a youngster.  Too much stimulation.This may be a bit intense and confusing for a child much younger than 5. 

Meow wolf installation is unlike any other modern art installation out there. A must see in Santa Fe.  Great for kids and adults.  Open your mind, let down your judgements and go explore.

I was pleasantly surprised.  I didn't think being 40 years old that I would enjoy this place, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  This place has surprises and wonders around every single corner.  There was not a single moment where I was not in awe.  I don't live near there, actually I live across the country, but if I did, I would get a season pass.  There is a story line that you can follow, and dig deeper into the story of Meow Wolf, but we were only there for one day and we just wanted to experience as much as possible.  I hope to return some day.  I want to see if I can figure out when the off peak season would be as there are sooooooo many people that have discovered this place.

This was a fun way to spend an afternoon.  Lots to see and every time you turned a corner there was a whole new look and experience.  Highly recommend for anyone visiting Santa Fe.

Each room is a unique experience.  We marveled at the creativity. It is a great indoor activity.  It exceed our expectations.  It is a great place to take teenagers.  

Interactive art. Innovative lighting. Immersive experience. Somewhere, a thread of a story line but who cares? This is about exploring the unknown and being surprised around every corner. This may not be everyone's cup of tea but with an open mind you'll love it! It's not a haunted house, nothing to get scared about. Just expect to spend a few hours on a mind-bending alternate reality. Oh, and have fun!

As my friend and I wait in line, the fame and mystery of the "mess" is mounting becausethe noise level is high, the colors, the jumble of shapes are above and around.  We enter "the course." It is an intertwined construction, tall, wide, narrow, noisy, colorful, and you experience the experience as if you are either lost, dreaming, or being punished for thinking EVERYTHING you experience has to "fit" to have comfortable meaning. We explore, touching shapes, puzzling over "domestic" rooms of chairs and shapes, next to colorful associated blasts of color and sound and music and kids loving the mess while the parents are trying to reach meaning and I notice that most faces are grinning, exploring, some meowing, and the music mingles with voices, and you begin to like mystery, and you eavesdrop on the conversations and conclusions."The point is to find your way, not any other way, " says a man sliding by me with a wife with a grin and shinning eyes and she is stroking a shape that is part animaland something like a card dealer with a visor . . . . And there is overlaping music,and you duck under extensions and bulbous shapes and step over thresholds andmove that handles of odd groupings of moving objects . . . . .  and slowly, you say, "Why not?"  And its as if rain of explanation is falling and at the end of the 45 minutes, I was satisfied that what I failed to perceive was not overshadowed by what I felt, which was delight many times over . . . . .

Absolutely LOVED this funky, fascinating, creative interactive art installation. I definitely recommend coming to Meow Wolf and just enjoy the experience. A word of advice, buy your tickets online, you'll thank me later!

Fabulous fun fun fun experience. This was a hit with the whole family from 8 to 68. Very unusual exhibits and lots of interactive activities.  Plan to spend at least half a day. It was voted the favorite activity of our whole trip!

Yes fun - but better for kids and young adults. The exhibit is on two levels, with multiple rooms... many of the staircases and "crawl-throughs" are pint-sized so older, or less limber folk will find those places daunting. The displays were creative and iminative, enjoyable - but again many of those displays featured bright colors and strobes which are themed for a younger crowd. My friend and I went on a Sunday - the entrance line stretched out into the parking lot... decided to leave but went back at 6pm - less people in line but when we got inside very very crowded...**Tip - go to the website and purchase tickets BEFORE arriving to save time. Also I was advised by the Sante Fe locals the best time to go on weekends and holidays is first thing in the morning or an hour before closing.Try

It is hard to please teenagers!  But this place changes the mood of everyone.  No one knows whats going on.  The amount of creativity is unmatched.  We spent 2 1/2 hours and then had a great beer.  The gift shop is fun too.  Don't miss this place!

I love this place im 23 with two kids and we just all had a blast great for young or old I wish I lived closer I would go everyday there is so much to see you would have to go about 10 times to take in everything just an amazing experience can't wait until I'm close to Santa fe again I would go out of my way to see this place over and over and over 

Wonderful interactive art fun fantasy land great for all ages. Unique experience.  Your must do when in Santa Fe.  Loved it. 

Our family of 5 with 3 teens had a great time here. There is something for everyone - so many areas and rooms to explore, with black lights, strobe lights, lasers, secret tunnels and passages. The sounds and lights will surprise you at every turn. Tree houses, ladders, slides, mirrors... we had so much fun exploring every nook and corner. Definitely not something for those who are easily over stimulated or don't like loud sounds. And on a Saturday it gets very crowded and the walkways are narrow, but in the larger rooms there is space to move. Definitely a must do when in Santa Fe!

If you want to experience literally tens of different "Worlds"; Immerse yourself in Art, Fun and completely unique  Creative places.....this is the place to be...too difficult to properly explain - you just need to GO THERE!!!

Some people rave about Meow Wolf.  It is a theme venue ... if you can figure out what the theme is supposed to be.  It has a lot of hidden doorways.  It has stairways to climb, slides to slide down, walls that change pattern and color when you touch 'em. The day we went there were two live bands with another band to come.  Some of the visuals were great.  Sometimes the crowd and noise was too much.  I didn't understand the theme but we only had a couple of hours to play.  It would have been more enjoyable if we were able to find and decipher the clues.  Quite a visual experience.  I would describe it as 'pretty neat.'

So, I sorta got talked into going to Meow Wolf against my will...the parking lot and sign had me trying not to roll my eyes, as did the lobby.  To my great surprise this artist collective "exhibit" is like jumping feet first into a "choose your adventure" book come to life.  Surreal, intriguing, hilarious, crazy, brilliant...words cannot describe.  There is a narrative to try follow, but no directions...all paths are the right way through this "house of eternal return" and trying to slide down the dryer in the laundry room off the kitchen is totally appropriate!  Read the newspapers lying around, the overdue bills attached to the refrigerator....walk through the refrigerator!  We spent 3 hours there and I can't wait to go back with my parents and my children.  One could easily spend an entire day there.  We woke up talking about it the next morning.  Do this!!!!

I had been reading about this interactive art complex before going!! Oh My what fun. It was a place where all ages can enjoy. I definitely have to go back because there is so much to see and experience I know I missed things. I highly recommend this on ones visit here. You won't be disappointed! Enjoy!!

This facility is interesting and presents an inside activity should the weather be too hot or rainy while visiting Santa Fe.  This venue has more to offer for children and parents needing a place to let children roam and explore(with supervision) then it did for us as a mature couple.

You could send hours just experiencing this dynamic and eclectic environment.  Good for kids of all ages.

This is a fun house created by local artists and has enough interest for kids and adults. We spent a couple hours climbing and sliding and crawling into things. AND it's reachable by Santa Fe bus.

I really loved this place.  Just totally different from anything I have ever seen.  I went with my wife and 9 year old.  I would have liked to have reviewed all the letters, newspapers, and videos so that I could solve the "mystery" of Meow Wolf, but my 9 year old was constantly running off to make an awesome discovery!  I just can't say enough about how cool this was.  You basically enter the "museum" at a house.  Upon entry of the house, you begin to see that there are dimensional distortions and that something is amiss.  As you explore, reality gets more and more distorted and clues to  what caused this state of affairs are all around you.  I would caution older patrons who want to visit this museum.  To truly experience it, you have to get down on your hands and knees and do a little awkward climbing.  Overall, this was just AMAZING and I loved it.  I wish that I could go back.....

Meow Wolf is candy for the eyes and mind of people of all ages and interests. It can't be explained. You just have to go there and experience it. Don't miss it!!

Quirky art museum is a interactive mystery with a science fiction narrative and a complex of art installations. When you arrive, you are presented with a premise and you must explore the house to solve the mystery. I think it would be fun to go with kids because they would have fun just looking through things but the story is also complex and there are lots of clues hidden everywhere. It helps to be old enough to read! The overall feel was psychedelic grunge with lots of black-lights - even if that is not your aesthetic it was still an amazing and different experience. It is very crowded however.

Definitely not our cup of tea.  We waited in a long line and paid $13 each person but not worth the money.  If you have small kids they might like this place.  I found it to be weird and crowded.  Also I guess because of the amount of people the temperature inside is really hot.  It is somewhat interactive so be aware of that, for instance sometimes you have to crawl or climb to get to another room.  There are a bunch of rooms that make no sense and some of them have people just laying down or sitting in them.  Definitely a once in a lifetime.

Having the writer of Game of Thrones the most viewed tv show of all time live in your city is pretty cool. He put up the money to purchase the old bowling alley and then got a lot of local talented artist involved and voila you have Meow Wolf - you can't really explain it, you just have to experience it. 

Sensory overload, but so cool.  Take the kids and enjoy the unique experience.  Would definitely go again.  

this place is more than an art complex is more like a Dr Seuss house kinda stuff we really enjoyed it while traveling to santa fe very nice place and great for all ages  

A very innovative interactive art installation.  If you have kids, take them they'll love it.  If you don't have kids, go during the week when kids are in school, and you can browse the exhibit at your leisure.  Not for those with mobility issues.

If you like overwhelming amounts of visual and audio stimulation, go to Meow Wolf.  In fact, buy a multi-day pass.  There is so much to see and experience here, it would take a year to experience it all.  It is super creative and rather magical in many ways.They warn you as you enter about flashing lights, etc.  Those don't bother me normally.  But by the end of about 30 minutes in Meow Wolf I was feeling dizzy and had to sit down.  Luckily, the space provides lots of opportunities to sit if you want.It was just too much for me, to be honest, but I don't mean to discourage anyone else from going because it is truly amazing.  Kids obviously LOVE it.  People who are into video games will love it.  I wished I loved it, but it was just overwhelming to me, and I was afraid the dizziness would become too much.I stayed about 90 minutes, knowing I hadn't come close to seeing even half of what was there, and knowing I wasn't close to solving the "mystery" that is built into the space.After exiting to the lobby, there is a beer/wine bar.  I had a delicious heavy ale while I waited for my friend to exit the space.

Meow Wolf is unlike any other place I have been to. Visually stunning. Lots of twists and passages. Its incoherency is what makes it totally coherent. Very, very cool for adults and kids. Maybe the closest thing to an acid trip, but legal!!

Very entertaining! Like being in a game of Clue in The Matrix with Willy Wonka. We spent over three hours exploring, investigating, and interacting with both live actors and electronic media. We hope to return on our next visit to Santa Fe.

I went here after having heard about it from several friends who travel to Santa Fe often. It is absolutely amazing! Its cliche, but its a place that really must be experienced to be understood. Nothing I write can really accurately capture the wierdness and fresh artistic originality on display at MeowWolf. Highly recommended!

We came to Santa Fe for the Opera, and included a visit to the Meow Wolf House of Eternal Return based on word-of-mouth and TripAdvisor reviews.The place is bursting with artistic, cultural and engineering creativity.  There is a story that provide the narrative thread for the many rooms, but, as first-timers, we just wandered randomly, which was still a stimulating experience.

I'm the baby boomer generation but like to explore innovative places. Meow Wolf is one of these places. It's easy to find but I recommend that you be there when it opens at 10:00am or you will be standing in a long line later in the day. It's interactive and bizarre but fascinating. The individuals who were totally getting into the concept seemed to be males in their teens to 20s. It's an experience that I'm happy to have experienced.

My 14 year-old and I went and he absolutely loved it.  It is a non-linear, random collection of "rooms," spaces and passages that create a surreal atmosphere that is fun to explore.  No scares her, just oddities.  It was great fun

This is a great way to spend the afternoon in Santa Fe. I had heard some people talk about how great a time it was and it was nothing like I imagined. I easily spent 3hrs in there just wandering around. With it being interactive it made it enjoyable the whole way through. And there was always another room or hall or secret door/passage that I didn't know was there until I came through it from another room. It's a great activity for all ages. 

We spent over 2 hours & still missed stuff . Can't wait to go back. Interesting & educational. We are researching the online blogs to read the story. So many hidden areas.

This place is not necessarily for children. It's for creative, open-minded, spirits of all ages. You definitely need to come to this place with a "young-at-heart" attitude. Nothing makes sense, you can explore the niches and rooms for HOURS (at least 3) and not really get it at the end. You will probably feel like Alice in Wonderland, or like you're in someone else's strange dream... but one thing is for sure: the creativity invested into this place is tremendous, and that is what makes it great, great fun.We loved it.

It's hard to describe this experience. We would never have visited if it had not been recommended by our hotel clerk, but we're glad to have visited. It is an odd, artsy experience that must be entered with an open mind as you wander through room after room of artistic displays and experiences. Where else could you play music on dinosaur bones, crawl through refrigerator doors, or climb into a treehouse? A little expensive,but our family aged 15 to 79 all found it interesting.

Immersive, experiential, wacky, intriguing... don't miss this place. The stage and plot are so so engaging I lost track of time and managed to ignore claustrophobic impulses while rummaging through what would be Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle's dream house. There's a mystery to solve too - start at the mailbox.Many thanks to the hundreds of creatives who dreamed Meow Wolf into existence!

Meow Wolf is a great place for families and those who like odd and eclectic art. One enters the house of many rooms through a fireplace opening or refrigerator. Unique art abounds from colourful and strange to bizarre. Kids seemed especially taken by the interactive nature. Others with mobility issues seemed less enthused. Depending on how you roll, it might appeal to a fun loving person who finds quirky, colourful and creative art (see photos) as a great way to spend your time and money. For me, it was a quick tour through the various rooms and art pieces. Great originality, friendly staff. This is a very busy place. There is a gift shop and a bar area was closed for my morning visit. 

Not sure what I expected. Will say v. well ventilated and v. clean. Excellent attention to spatial and facility detail -ie. floors very even, easy for stroller or walker. 100s of people there, but doesn't feel crowded. Encouraged to touch everything - did you see that part about 100s of people? You won't feel rushed. Some excellent effects, but no WOW factor for me. Still not certain how I feel about it. Priced reasonably enough that can put it down as 'did it.'

Our visit was fun--it's definitely a unique experience--but we found unraveling the story(ies) to be a bit too straightforward. Still, the concept is fantastic. Good for children and adults alike. The "art" may not be to everyone's liking, since it is more on the experimental part of the spectrum. That said, thought provoking.

We have been to Meow Wolf several times always enjoying each visit and trying to add on to the parts of the mystery that we have figured out. We went today and while we were trying to listen to one of the videos, some guy playing a tuba dressed as a woman is walking around. While we are trying to listen he deliberately comes up to us playing his loud obnoxious tuba to the point we can't even hear what the video is saying. We were also in a small hallway which he apparently just had to squeeze past us to get down. We were annoyed, but continued on looking for more answers only to run into him again, so we try going in a different direction and he starts following us around. So we walk faster away from him just look for an exit at this point, because our experience had been ruined and clearly were not going to be able to look for the things we want to, only to be yelled at for running?! We weren't even running just quickly trying to get away from what seems to be an unnecessary element of noise and confusion. I don't think we will be back for awhile. 

Four of us went to Meow Wolf on a Saturday afternoon.    First the bad part, it was very crowded and that detracted a bit from the exhibits.   Other than that, it was a completely unique and enjoyable.   We spent about 3 hours viewing all the exhibits.   I had to step out once for fresh air because it was so crowded and stuffy in some of the rooms, but still I would go back.   Don't waste your money on the special glasses.  Most of the rooms didn't look noticeably better with them.  Kudos to the creative artists behind Meow Wolf!

Fun indoor activity with art and performance artists; fun to walk around and search for different areas within the facility

This place is amazing! Amazing!! I need to come back here and do it again and again. It's all interactive amazing art created by local artists from this area. A bit of money used to make this came from the great George RR Martin the writer of fame of thrones. You get to explore this massive environment at your leisure and almost sort of get tripped out by all of the lights sounds in a fix. I can't wait to get back to this amazing place for another visit and hopefully get to see a show. It's a once in a lifetime experience that everyone needs to enjoy at one time in there life. 

Meow Wolf quickly became a must do in Santa Fe and it still is. Go alone, go on a date, go with your family, go if you are old or young, go as a tourist or a local - you will not be disappointed.It is a unique experience put together by a group of very imaginative people for everyone's enjoyment.After going - I have been three times and I do not live in New Mexico - wish for one to come to your neighborhood.

Have you ever been somewhere that is so wonderful, yet completely defied your ability to describe?  THAT is Meo Wolf.  I've tried to describe our experiences there and find it nearly impossible - other than wonderful, awe-inspiring, intriguing, fascinating - well, you get the picture.  One thing our family noted (on our second trip of the day), there were lots of families and many had young children - but you didn't hear the crying or screaming you do at other "family" places.  They were all so fascinated and involved that they were too busy to get upset by anything!  I would also suggest that you buy tickets on line to avoid having to wait in line at the site.

I came on a Sunday and it was super busy! There were people from all age groups, which was neat. I stayed about 2 hours and because it was so busy, I wasn't able to solve much of the mystery. You can take a lot of really cool photos here, if you have a fluorescent lens, bring it.  New Mexican residents get a discount.

So creative!  Fabulous entertainment for you and your family.   After you pay your ticket, you enter a house in Mendocino that is beautifully reconstructed.  Wow.  There are portals here and there that will take you to alternative universes.  Take time to read the newspapers, books and research -- if you want, to learn more about the family that lived here.  Have fun!  The kids will love it.  Older adults might need to sit down once in a while to gather their bearings.  It's a little disorienting ... and so worth it!  Most people probably spend 1-2 hours here.  Come back again to take the time to really absorb the experience.

So how to describe Meow Wolf? It's a fun house. It's trippy. It's every kid's delight and every former kid's delight. It's colors, sounds, shapes, and lights. It's joyful. It's weird. It's Alice down the rabbit hole. It's a pizza dream. It'll make you smile. Go, and for heaven's sake, buy your tickets online so you don't have to stand in line. We walked right in while people waited and waited and waited and waited ... so needless.

There's a story line that can be followed IF you chose.  When we were there, it was pretty crowded, so it was tough to get to the reading materials.  Once I gave up on the idea of solving whatever mystery there is to the house and just wandered around exploring, it was way more fun!  We probably walked through the whole thing in about 2.5 hrs.

It was great. Fun, intriguing. Buy tickets in advance and expect it to be busy. Expect to spend about 4 hours in this place. 

This is one of the oddest places I have ever visited. I'm not even sure about how to review it. My son (25) really enjoyed the craziness of the place (he'd been once before) and was going I would find it worthy, too. I had a hard time just understanding why? It's a cross between a fun house, an art museum, and an X Files adventure. It is interactive so kids will have a great time. 

It is difficult to describe what this place is.  The closest I can come is a fun house.  I enjoy just wandering through, exploring all of the rooms.  I am 71 and went with a group of 4 similarly aged adults and we all enjoyed ourselves.   There are plenty of kids and it adds to the experience seeing them exploring the space.

It's hard to describe. It's kind of like a life-size (larger-than-life-size?) art installation or experience. You stand in line (not for very long but I noticed there was also a line when we came out so it seems to be popular) for a ticket then walk in. You can spend as long as you like wandering around and exploring. If adults need a break, they can get refreshments at the bar in the lobby. There are also some drink and simple food selections available. I suppose it all depends on your taste but we enjoyed our afternoon here. I think it would be cool to see one of the live concerts on the small stage inside the installation. 

This interactive art venue is very hard to describe. Some say you've never seen anything like it (which is true). It moves through a house to something of a twilight zone accessed through tunnels from the fireplace or refrigerator or washing machine that lead to multiple rooms filled with a variety of different types of art. Some rooms are filled with musical dinosaur bones, others contain laser beams that when you touch them create musical tones, to rooms with fog & strobe lights, to a black light lit undersea diorama, to multiple other artistic displays. Perhaps it is an acid trip come to life or something you'd find yourself in after enjoying some peyote, but all all I know is we loved it. And we didn't even spend the extra time trying to solve the mystery of the missing family member.  When one comes to Denver as rumored we'll definitely be going to see it. 

This place is like something out of a psychedelic trip or vivid dream.  Nearly every door or entrance leads to some area that lends an uncanny, weird, or magical place. Picking which place you want to start your otherworldy journey will lead you to an area others will not experience at first and it can be a varied experience for all. Fun, bizarre, art installations that had a lot of ingenuity and creativity behind them.

This place is something else!  There is something to explore literally everywhere you look in this gigantic maze-like house themed art installation.  You can pretty much touch anything, and so much of the art is interactive.  People of all ages would really enjoy this experience.  I will say, though, that if you are claustrophobic at all, this may not be for you!  At any given moment, there can be LOTS of people around you, and sometimes in very close quarters.I think kids would especially love the fun and freedom of this place!

This art attraction really is hard to describe. It covers the whole spectrum of art styles be it tactile to visual to color, you name it. My wife and I spent several hours here and had a blast. It's well worth the time and money and there's a ton of choices for food trucks nearby for snacks to a full on meal. Check it out!

We are a couple in our 60's acting like kids in this place!  Truly unique in every way and very difficult to describe. There a two story house inside with all types of Americana, but then you enter a completely different world by crawling through the fireplace, walking in the refrigerator or entering a closet. Outside the house, but still in the building there is so much funky art and displays that are touchy-feely and you don't know what to expect next. This place can get crowded so be sure to look at google maps at the most popular times and try to avoid them. 

WOW!  This place is just sensory overload!  You can invest the time to learn the mystery of the House of Eternal Return (if time and crowds allow) or you can just wander in wonder.  I did the later and I couldn't have been happier.  What an experience!  Highly recommend carving out a couple of hours (minimum) to explore the space, and then hang out afterwards and "debrief" with your friends over a beer or glass of wine.  THEN GO BACK AND DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN! (tickets are good all day!)  I really hope that they bring this concept to Denver soon. The city will LOVE IT!

We were all blown away (my 16 yo daughter, my 44 yo wife, and +60 me). Little kids were having a blast. Their parents were having a blast. Dates were having a blast. Everyone seemed to be awestruck and delighted. Such creativity!

Take going down the rabbit hole in Alice in Wonderland and multiply by 1000!MW is for kids of all ages as there is something there to entertain and intrigue everyone.

When we arrived, I saw options for annual passes, and thought that was odd. But by the time we finished, I understood why someone would want to come back over and over again. There is so much to explore, you can never do it all on one visit. In short, you are entering a house where something mysterious has happened, and by exploring and investigating, you can figure out what it was.My husband and I spent almost three hours, and we solved most of the mystery, but there are lots more details we weren't able to find, mostly because you're moving through the space with many other people, and most of the clues are in written form, so you have to wait for someone to finish with a book or journal before you can read it.However, you can still move through the house (and other areas) without searching for clues, and just enjoy the atmosphere of it all. It seems that some of the children were doing that, and having a ball. I can see buying an annual pass if you've got kids who really enjoy it (or if you're just someone who is obsessive about details and wants to figure out all the clues).

A must for all ages.  But don't try to do it in an hour.  Much to see and explore and you try to describe it to others...very unique and something not to be missed

Seriously amazing. It is just so unexpected and yeah it was crowded but the place is obviously well worth dealing with it. I enjoyed it immensely.

There's really no artistic experience like this--a wonderland of visual and auditory stimulation. I don't even want to describe it here; I went in with little clue of what to expect, and I think most should have that experience.However, there needs to be timed ticketing for this space. The crowds on a Saturday afternoon were hazardous. There were children, babies, elderly crawling up and down stairs, in and out of refrigerators. I would hate to be Meow Wolf's insurer. Timed ticketing and 'adult swim' nights would make this a 5/5 experience.

Psychedelic, freakish, and awkwardness are all spun into one gargantuan entanglement of confusing rooms. These rooms are comprised of juxtapositions of multimedia subject matter, evocative color schemes, lights, and sounds. Hey, was Banksy here? Did he have anything to do with the inspiration of these un-Disneylike, interactive rooms? I could see how some people walk into this place and immediately NOT like it. It is loud, flashy, and gaudy. The intersection of counterculture and traditional people occurs in tight quarters. You have the jocks, the preps, the suburbanites, and hipsters converging upon one space. Some of the artworks are nuanced in the drug culture---the mushrooms, the getting high messages, etc. The thing is, hundreds of artists came together and  repurposed this former bowling alley that was vacant. And, it appears by looking at the hundreds of people who are standing in line willing to pay 20 bucks a pop that this place is making money. Like, TONS of it. There are even food trucks in the parking lot. We had to drive around the parking lot 3 times and NEVER got a space. We wound up parking on the street. So, if you are expecting a traditional, static art experience, this is not the place for you. This is not your previous generation's attraction, you know? 

Fun, interactive, sci fi experience that inspired thought.Clever in every way!Inspired our imaginations. 

I personally think that you shouldn't learn or read that much about Meow Wolf and just go to experience it. That's how we did it, and we were blown away by the incredible amount of work and talent that went into building this. Plan to spend several hours and really experience everything in it.

I took my grandson' along with my brother and his grandson to visit this place.  It was like going on a universe trip. There are 70 rooms to visit and I have no idea how many we visited because you can come into the same room from a different door and see a new room.

If you are like me and are visiting Santa Fe but not that into art, Meow Wolf is for you. First, the word is out so get there at opening time and buy your tickets ahead of time. We went on a Thursday and it filled up quickly. Germaphobes beware this is a hands on experience. Truly a unique experience and I highly recommend

We have been here 2 times now and enjoyed it both times. It's totally different than anything we have been to. My kids,10yrs and 15yrs old, both loved it. Its hard to describe the whole experience because of its originality. You just gotta see for yourself. It does get busy. I highly recommend getting tickets online before you go. It is a little expensive but worth it for the unique activity! If your in Santa fe, its a must do.

My coworker had visited Meow Wolf and insisted we check it out.  I am so glad she did.  It's very hard to explain (is it an art installation?  is it sci fi?).  We went with our 2 kiddos, age 9 and 11, and we all had an amazing time.  It is so fun to just get lost in there and take in all the sites.  Apparently, there is a story to figure out should you really want to investigate the clues, but we just had a great time getting lost and going through tunnels in the dryer and refrigerator!  We heard that it's coming to Austin and my kids are ecstatic!

Absolutely loved this unique attraction. Easy free parking, a lot of different kinds of discounts on admission. The experience was unlike any other with the lights, the sounds, the storyline, and the interactivity. It was fun for all ages I would highly recommend spending three hours walking through here.

We had adults, a teenager and a 9yo who all love art and everything unique. We all basically agree that it was our favorite thing here (and we did a lot). Buy your tickets ahead of time, grab some food from the food trucks and immerse yourself in the experience! 

Walking through this is like strolling through a dynamic work of art. It is simply amazing to be in the midst of the sights and sounds of so much art happening at the same time. Be sure to get tickets on line--so much easier than waiting. Also, tickets are for all day, so you can step outside for lunch at a food truck and then go back in to visit again.

Meow Wolf is such a unique place and experience created by an art collective. My partner and I live a couple hours away and it's always amazing to visit this space and see all types of people with different ages be so intrigued. The place is a house built inside an old bowling alley and nothing like you've ever seen before. It's immersive and interactive with doors leading to different rooms and props with a story of their own. The venue also sometimes has music shows and live painting which makes this place even cooler. Meow Wolf really reminds me that anything is possible and to never think any idea is too big or crazy. This place is a must visit for anybody who loves art, exploring, movies, and theme parks. Truly a psychedelic manifestation for all ages! 

We met someone who told us about this place, so we decided to check it out. While it is certainly more for kids, it is very creative and a fun visit. Look up the history of how this place came to be. We were not interested in working the mystery, but enjoyed the concept and some of the very unique art.

A must do! If you buy your tickets online you can skip the long lines and go to the will call window. It is intriguing and offers something for all ages. It is an interactive mystery. Many people obviously enjoyed the "fun house" aspects without working on the mystery. Others delved into the countless clues. You could spend a lot of time here if you chose to and not see everything.  I especially enjoyed the many hidden passageways including traveling through the dryer! Tip: 3 d glasses are $1 at the front deskNot necessary but cool. There is a bar and souvenir store.

This was one of the places my 18 year old really wanted to experience while we were in SF.  The great thing is that is really is unique and experiential.  Most ages love it, it could get scary for small kids, just because it is so overwhelming, it depends on your kid.  Sensory overload for some.  Take the journey and wear comfy shoes and clothes.  Very cool!!

This was a must on our road trip, was a little expensive but well worth it, never done anything like it! All the kids had a blast and me and mom found it highly amusing!

A sort of artwork maze. You travel from one part to another often through unlikely routes (a freezer door, a fireplace). There is no one way to go around; each zone has its own qualities and you are encouraged to interact with the art (a mammoth skeleton that acts as a set of chimes, a stretchy wall that responds to your pressure). Children will love the colourful art and the sense of mystery. Not for every one, nor great art, but a light-hearted bit of fun and some unexpected surprises.

If your into art, this is the place to be! It's so creative and very interactive! I love the hidden rooms! It's a must see! 

So I was traveling to Santa Fe for work and have been to Santa Fe many times but somehow missed this exhibit. I can't even describe it but if you're traveling thru it is a must see! If you like art that is. I was by myself and went over around 5 o'clock in the evening spent about an hour and a half in there and feel like I could've spent several more hours just looking at everything. There are parts that are dark and there's steps in there some of the staircases might be challenging if you have back or knee issues or elderly but it still worth going. It's one of the coolest things I've seen in a long time -Mind Blown! it cost $20 and you can pay an extra dollar for the 3-D sunglasses which are kind of worth it in certain parts of the exhibit. You have to go -you have to see it spend the $20 take an hour or two of your time in Santa Fe and go check it out! 

I will admit I was not looking forward to this, being drug along by my family.  I am not artistic, I am a very linear, realistic thinker, and didn't thin this would be my "thing." But I really enjoyed it.  It is fun, weird, creative, and entertaining.  Adults love it. Kids love it. All types of people, artists and non artists!  Plan on 2-3 hours if you have kids that have to make sure they see it all!

My 17 year old son and I visited Meow Wolf while on a long weekend visit to Santa Fe from Wisconsin and we both really enjoyed it. I was worried it might be too juvenile for my son, but he enjoyed the artistic aspect to it, along with the technology that was involved in it. We did not read the clues and try to solve the mystery, which would have been fun if you were with a group or had more time, but we just enjoyed strolling through it and taking our time. We honestly thought that when we were almost through it, it just kept going on with another room or experience. It was nice to have something to do in Santa Fe other than art galleries and food - don't get me wrong - those are the best things about Santa Fe, this was just another little side venture that we enjoyed.

This was a really great art installation. Great for all ages - the teenagers and the adults enjoyed it. The art work is very funky and inspired and the actors are amazing. We got serenaded by the bathroom lady and I think it was our favourite part. Great and interesting exhibit.

Plan on spending at least two hours here.  This is like disney and dr. Who.  Open doors. Crawl. Slide.  FUN on steroids.  Also helpful that they had a craft beer taproom.  

My SO and I are 35 and 27, respectively. We went here to see what it was about and was not disappointed. This is for children of all ages. There are plenty of families with small children and older adults. There is a story to be followed but we did not look too into it. Every hallway leads somewhere new but it's difficult to get lost. If you have mobility issues or have a bigger stature, there are places that you cannot go. 

I never heard of Meow Wolf before yesterday when someone I met said I had to check them out. I looked them up online and couldn't wait to get there. It is really wild. There are about 70 rooms to explore with weird new things around every corner. You get the feeling you are traveling through space and time and other dimensions with all the neon, dayglo colors and weird sights and sounds. Check them out online and visit them.

We'd gone this past January 2017.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  We now had family from out of state visit.  This was top of our list.  WOW, they really added and changed some rooms since closing for renovation in January.  We encouraged family to touch and try everything.  They had a blast.  So did we.  We circled back many times, finding more rooms and such.  Well worth the entry fee.  Gets crowded, skinny/narrow stairwells, bumped my bad knee twice, but it was all worth it. 

I'd anticipated the opening of Meow Wolf for a while and was so excited to visit. The installation is amazing and one could spent at least a couple hours, poking around every nook and cranny. Super clever.

If there is a line outside don't be intimidated by it. It moved fast and was well worth the wait.  They even had a guy passing out cold water and otter pops to the kids.This reminded me of being in a video game... There is so much to see and do.. There were a lot of people but the place was big enough you didn't feel crowded... and I don't really like crowds. If you have ever read the book Ready Player One.. It was like getting to experience the book.  It was like being in a video game or one of your dreams or Alice in Wonderland. You get to walk in to the refrigerator, slide down the dryer, walk underwater... I would certainly recommend it for kids and adults.. Best $20 I spent on our trip.

I've never experienced anything quite like this. It almost defies description! It is a combination of a game, story, and all of that brought to life by amazing art, sculpture, and special effects. There is even performance art.  Go early and plan to stay a minimum of 4 hours. Expect to back track and revisit sites to follow the mystery. I loved it!

Hard to describe, Meow Wolf is definitely a great place to take the kids.  It's also good for older kids and young adults as they may be interested in solving the story presented.  Once you enter the "house", you enter a world of make believe...sights and lot different rooms to explore.  We want you to experience it for yourself, so we won't tell you more except that it is different than anything you've probably experienced.

So I'm reviewing from an individual experience and value perspective. It is unique and some of the artistic techniques are very well done as well as many themes and elements being intertwined while also giving contrasting perceptions. There is nothing like it and undoubtedly many will happily pay to experience it.But my family (3 kids all under the age of 9) had their fill in about an hour. My wife and did well but keep in mind it can be challenging to keep track of them all inside the exhibit. You would likely not want more than two kids per adult. We thought following the clues could/would be fun but the crowds were more than a bit of a hindrance to this (even on a Monday.) The parts we did piece together were surprisingly dark content (a bit scary for our 9 year old) and some of the clues had some foul language in them which we were not expecting. Finally, the $90 price tag was a bit steep and my overall rating from a value perspective says the price should have been lower or the crowds less. That's probably their next challenge...achieving that balance.

Our family visited meow wolf during the week. It was very busy. This is a hard experience to review but it felt like living in the twilight zone. Nothing is as it appears. You enter what appears to be a house. Everything in the space is interactive. Use all of your sense. We went thru a doorway and found ourselves in a spaceship. Went through another opening an existed thru a refrigerator. It's a really fun place to explore and there is a lot more than meets the eye. Definitely a different experience. Give it a try.....if you dare

This place is hard to explain but it is very unique and worth a trip! My boyfriend and I went and we described it as a mix between an art exhibit, fun house, jungle gym and live video game! It has a story to follow but it may be a little bit difficult on your first time through it as it is almost overwhelming to the senses. I encourage you to touch, feel, listen, look at everything you can! If there's a room to go in, do it! Spend plenty of time. It really would be fun for all ages in my opinion. It brought out the kid in us! It is a must see imo because there's nothing else quite like it!

My husband and I decided on impulse to go to Meow Wolf while we were staying in Santa Fe. We went on a Wednesday evening and spent two and a half hours exploring. It's a former bowling alley that has been converted and has a "house" inside it--a house with MANY rooms and secret passageways to explore.  Although the purpose is to figure out what happened to the family that lived in the house, there is not an actual solution to the mystery and no way to gage any "progress" toward solving the mystery.  I think the mystery is designed to give a purpose to the experience other than just exploring (like all of the younger kids we saw).  We enjoyed ourselves very much and recommend it to anyone going to Santa Fe. However,  I would suggest going during a time when you are less likely to encounter groups of children who on occasion (even on a Wednesday night) who were so excited they were very noisy and just rushing through the house to find the secret passages and other interesting things that were in abundance.There were plenty of Meow Wolf staff around inside the house so that I'm sure over-excited kids would be reminded to behave in a more controlled manner should need be.

This was a last minute addition to our Santa Fe tour and it was something else! My hubs and teen child loved it!❤️ Wild rooms filled with crazy art installations that are totally interactive. Get there 20 minutes early or plan to wait to a very long line. We went on a Wed. and it was already crowded. Plan to be there 1.5 hours or more. I would not recommend for small kids, 5 and under. Teens will love this place! Fun new additions to the sites of Santa Fe. Food trucks are available but we're not open in the morning.

This is must see experience. There's a mystery to solve. (we didn't, but looking at the clues was immense fun) As soon as you go through the doors there's a mailbox to your right. Look inside, read the cards. That's how it begins. So much to look at, touch and explore. Lots of art, some climbing and crawling (not too much, tho) and just can't take your eyes off strangeness going on. Go, in every room, check every door, even on appliances. I saw grandparents with grandkids having a blast, couples, and,families with teens like mine. Everyone was smiling, involved and having fun. We got there 15 minutes before opening and already there was a short line. Lots of people, but not too many. This is a fun place. Highly recommend.

It is an experience where visitors solve a mystery about a missing family through clues in a warehouse turned into a multi-verse. The artists that created this are truly talented and there is something new and strange in every corner you look.  Dr. Strange meets haunted house meets total weirdness.  It's really something fun to do for the entire family.  We saw grandparents with their grandchildren there.  It fits right into Santa Fe's funky art vibe.  Don't miss a chance to get out of the heat for an afternoon!

First time is overwhelming, second time is confusing and third time starts to make sense. You need to figure out the story of what happened to the family. Multiverse concept is great. Great for kids and seniors. Great for everyone. Buy tickets early online and bypass the lines.

The central theme of the exhibit is that there's an empty house and a compelling story about what may have happened to the inhabitants. The house has a number of clues about the fate of the family, but those clues are ultimately unrelated to the rest of the exhibit. I have the feeling that the designer spent a lot of time playing Myst, but missed the point that if you present a complex mystery you should provide enough coherent clues to tie everything together. The exhibit is a wonderful visual and audio playground, but without a common or relating theme. Dozens of linked rooms, clever passageways and well designed sets provide lots to see and do. The passageways out of the house to the rest of the "multiverse" are inventive and worth exploring. Some of the sets are excellent but none of them brought me back to the story line about the missing family. At a certain point the set rooms just feel like ways to inventively present light, sound, and take up space. I kind of lost patience when I found the walk-in rabbit.The best single part of the experience that I can recommend is the acrobat doing a fine series of aerial routines on silks. She has personality, she's strong and talented, and because of the venue you'll be able to get closer than you'll ever be in a traditional acrobatic performance venue. I don't know if she's there every day, but for me that performer and her routine is the best (and for me the only) reason to go back. Otherwise, one visit is enough.

This is not your typical tourist attraction, but worth the price of admission. As the title hints, this attraction celebrates and encourages the unexpected. There are rooms with nooks and crannies to explore while delighting the senses. You become immersed into the experience while trying to take in all of the lights, sounds and settings. For some, it might be sensory overload. But for most, particularly children, it is a world of adventure just waiting to be explored.

Reading some of the pitifully negative reviews makes me wonder if we even visited the same place. Meow Wolf is absolutely remarkable! It is obvious to me that art (and the imagination it stimulates) is rather subjective, but by the same token I am certainly no high-brow aficionado. My partner and I visited the first time in March 2017 while attending a concert there, and were so thoroughly moved by the entire atmosphere and vibe that we returned again two months later, this time with four friends in tow. In short, Meow Wolf has affected us so deeply that we feel compelled to share it with others, and we will return once again in two days to celebrate our honeymoon there! We are thrilled that Meow Wolf is now an essential part of our overall Santa Fe experience.

We stayed the night in Santa Fe on our way to the Grand Canyon. Our oldest daughter looked for stuff to do and found Meow Wolf. We loved it. Definitely something to see. We purchased tickets online which I think help the process and arrived just before they opened at 10. Quite the adventure inside as there's many things to see. My youngest favorite part was walking into the fridge in the kitchen of the house. 

Truly one of a kind experience! worth the price, worth the crowd. For kids and adults. Too scary for children under 4-years old in our opinion.

Definitely worth the trip. Be ready for your head to spin afterwards with questions, excitement, and confusion. Supposedly there is a story line somewhere, but I think you need possibly the whole day to read everything and grasp the theme. 

What a great fun place Meow Wolf is.  Took kids and they loved it.  Allow several hours to get through and see everything.  So much fun.

I had heard about this place, but had no idea what to expect until I experienced it myself! We took our Cub Scouts this past Saturday, and what an amazing place! It's a cross between modern museum, Alice in Wonderland, and the 1980's. There's lights, sounds, music, video games, hidden tunnels, random couches, trailers, tree houses, closets, walk in refrigerators, and you can even slide down through the washing machine! The artists that came up with this concept are brilliant, and it's a must see!Discounts for NM residents. There is also a bar, gift shop, local food and drink, and food trucks outside!

This place is so much fun.  It's a must see if you're in the area.  It's an interactive museum experience like no other.  Imagine Wonderland meets Beatle Juice meets Willie Wonka.  Plan on spending a few hours.  It can get pretty busy so parking can be difficult during peak times.

If you are in Santa Fe a visit to Meow Wolf is a must. You will enjoy a surprising mistery (that you could solve) as you walk through the artistic built place full of fun. If you have the time attend an evening concert. Fun bands are often playing. They have food trucks in the front or grab dinner before or after your visit. We enjoy it tremendously and visit every few months.

Be ready to open your mind to another perspective through the more imaginative form of experiential art!  We really loved our visit but it was so busy on Sunday about noon it almost took away from the exploration because we were running into people left and right. It's an mix between museum, haunted house, playground and theatre.  Really out there and really awesome!

Arrive early, buy your tickets online and be prepared for a great experience!  You can wander the immersive art experience as much or little as you like.  Solve a mystery or simply enjoy the many different rooms, nooks and crannies of the house and the surrounding fantastical displays.  Great fun!

Interactive art experience for the child in everyone.  Tom Robbins would love this place.  According to him "It is never to late to have a happy childhood".  Don't be fooled...the mystery will challenge the best cryptographer.  Have no agenda when entering other than be open to the most creative stimulating space west of the Mississippi.  Art Museums take note as this is the future.....

We spent about 2.5 hours in Meow Wolf and had the best time. It was a Saturday night and it was a date night, with a DJ for a little musical fun. I loved, loved the concept. I can't wait to go back!!

This place is hard to put into words and the website doesn't do it justice. It is a funky mystery to be solved. Don't forget to go in the fridge or check the mailboxes. 

Interactive ART& experience that will change your outlook on ART FOREVER!!!!  Love the different areas of interactive art.  VERY surprising..  Would suggest to tourist and LOCALS! 

How dare I, you ask? Santa Fe,  historic and colorful town with so much to offer yet I recommend driving away from the plaza and to a former bowling alley?Yes.As a Seattleite, I have Meow Wolf envy. How could it be we don't have it in Seattle. When we were told to go we expected this activity to kill time before lunch but what really happened is that we went in for a couple of hours, left to watch the México-Germany soccer match, went back and spent the rest of the day at Meow wolf. It is hard to explain but maybe this will help... George RR Martín bought the abandoned bowling alley  and then partnered with some genius that had the vision to create this. It's part art installation, on hand museum for kids, all wrapped up in a mystery where parallel universe and time travel is involved. You can just walk through and enjoy the very clever setup, or be a total nerd like us and try to connect the dots on the story. Meow wolf is also a concert space, with some really good bands on their schedule. At the end of our visit, we bought art from the gift shop from one of the artist in the installation. Check out the photo. So very cool. This is not too be missed.

I don't know how to accurately describe this place -- sort of a sci-fi, interactive art venue/playground!  We spent several hours there, and we could've spent more.  Really interesting, and amazing that they actually fit an entire house inside this complex!

This is the project we put together freshman year of architecture school, suspect all architecture schools, ours was called Archopolis. Fun, colorful, interactive, team building, but no art to be seen here, move along, move along. Street Art is the girl on stilts in the parking lot, Dr. Field Goods on the right, and Duel Brewing on the left.

My granddaughter and I visited on Saturday afternoon. The place was too crowded to enjoy. And at the entry fee of $20 each, it was a great disappointment. The venue would really benefit from making the storyline more obvious, perhaps giving out cards with helpful hints and/or having timed entries with multiple first stops so everyone isn't trying to find the same thing at the same time. All in all, a big disappointment.

Unlike anything I've ever seen. I can't wait to take my mom and my daughter. Absolutely a must see! Stimulating and exciting we spent hours and I'm certain we did not see it all.

Meow Wolf is an interesting place that offers something for just about everyone.  It is an interactive art gallery/mystery/touchable museum for kids built inside of a former bowling alley.  The artists use recycled materials to build different exhibits that defy imagination.  I promise you, you have never seen anything like it.  My kids have been there before, and they claim that you see something new every time you visit.  After visiting myself, I have to imagine that is true!

Probably the most unique art exhibit I've ever seen/experienced.  Not sure how a second visit would feel, but the first was off the charts.  We were genuinely disappointed when we discovered that there were (apparently) no more rooms to explore.  

I didn't exactly know what to expect...and neither will you!  Have fun and touch, feel and experience some of the oddities of this fun place.

Teens are tough to travel with but they will have a good time here. Secret doors. Lights. Games. We play hide and seek.

Meow Wolf challenges your senses all at once. The parallels and dimensions created through art makes it a site worth your visit. We traveled to Santa Fe as a group of friends and Meow wolf left us "purring" it was simply "purr-fect". Meow Wolf is not to be explained it has to be experienced. I would go there agin to see ifI missed anything on this trip. It is good for adults and children. You can not carry food and drink inside (for good reason) so its best to be rehydrated before you get inside.

Meow wolf is a very unique attraction. We really enjoyed it. Perfect for all ages. You'll never see everything but so fun to try. Very hands on. Good for old and young alike!  Many secret entry's and hidden rooms. Would recommend it to all!

This place is hard to describe but it's fun for the young at heart. Sort of Alice in Wonderland meets Harry Potter meets Beetlejuice kind of vibe. Especially fun for kids that can still fit through the small openings into "other dimensions." Visit and enjoy, you won't be disappointed.

You can literally go in and touch and interact with everything here. My toddler loved everything! There are some creepy elements but nothing out right scary. I think if your child is scared of a Halloween mask you might think about coming here. There is a face in a cabinet in the kitchen, things like that--nothing major. We didn't get to try to follow the story line but enjoyed it anyway. So many rooms and unexpected features! Careful of going through the dryer, hard to get in! Some narrow passageways that are hard when it gets crowded. Get hear early and I recommend not during the summer! There was already a line before opening on Sunday when we got there. By 1130 it was very crowded. (Holiday weekend)

On a recent trip out to the SW, we stopped at Meow Wolf because of the rating of things to do in Santa Fe on this site. We sure are thrilled we did. Thanks for being awesome and like nothing we have ever experienced. 

We went without knowing too much. Decided to go early in the morning to beat the crowds (bad idea, everyone seems to be thinking the same thing) When you pay your ticket they give you a bracelet and it's good till 8pm when they close. So we spent 2 hours in the morning and returned in the afternoon (probably 5:30 pm) and we were almost by ourselves... We realized that it was not so much fun to be alone, people add to the experience! If you are visiting Santa Fe with kids, this is a MUST go place. It's a maze, it's art, it's original and a great photography opportunity (make sure your cellphone doesn't run out of memory) Also it's a great opportunity to stay away from the heat for a couple of hours. Whoever came up with this idea was very clever. To make this out of an abandoned bowling alley is fantastic... my only observation is that although kids are probably the ones that would enjoy it the most, it's not handicapped accessible (stairs, low passages,etc).

get there before opening to enjoy it more before it becomes crowded-stay as long as you can-there are no maps so just get lost and touch everything

A little over our heads for understanding what this was. Too many people on a Sat. to really get into it. It gets great reviews so it was probably our ages why we didn't connect with it. 

All I can say is WOW! This was one of the greatest experiences I have had in my whole life (that's a bold statement) this place takes you into a different world and you escape reality while in there. This is fun for kids and adults! Most def worth the trip!!

Definitely a must see. Unique, clever entertainment for the whole family. Although we didn't solve the mystery we enjoyed peeking around and crawling through secret doors. Can't understand why anyone would say this was boring!

It is fun but if you have seen haunted houses, corn mazes, or Disney stuff it Meow Wolf will bore you quickly.  

Thanks to George RR Martin, we have a wonderful attraction for young and old, where we can let our imagination flow like it never did before.  A MUST SEE for everyone!!

Both my kids had a great time, they enjoyed the different "worlds" and finding interesting things.  I was really confused and did not really understand the entire concept.  Was a little pricy for the admission, I thought.

It was an amazing place but if you are very impatient I would not recommend it. We went through many different rooms and kept finding more and more ways to get somewhere else, so it was hard to find the exit. It was also a little scary for the little ones, but overall it was awesome!

I first went to Meow Wolf last September, my 12 year old granddaughter wanted to go here after our description.  Scheduling made it only possible to go there and back in three days which was completely worth the experience.  The day we returned home she and I made a stuffed creature she was inspired to draw on the way home, we spent 4 hours hand making it, after the 500 mile drive home.  We took her best friend and all total we spent 7 hours inside this amazing inspiring art installation.

If you've never heard of Meow Wolf, it's an art collective that shows in an abandoned bowling alley in Santa Fe. Their first permanent installation is The House of Eternal Return, a Victorian farmhouse that's been erected inside the exhibition space and which contains portals to other dimensions. There's a mystery to solve, closets to dig through, books and journals to open, and of course those inter-dimensional portals to pass through in order to visit distant worlds. It's strange and magical. In fact, I feel like I'm not even coming close to describing the entirety of this exhibit. It's like a whole new art form, a cross between Casa Bonita (if you've ever been to the famous Denver restaurant), a museum of contemporary art, and a mystery theater. Wow!My only advice (besides saying, yes, you have to go), is to arrive early to beat the crowds (we arrived right at 10 am, and had the farmhouse virtually to ourselves for twenty magical minutes), and to keep a close eye on any young children you have with you-- it would be easy to get separated from them while everyone is staring at the mind-boggling installations.

Great exhibits and museum of oddities. We never found the answer to our clues, but we had fun looking at all of the exhibits trying to find th clues. This museum is great for kids and adults. Must see attraction in Santa Fe!

There aren't really words to describe this place, except FUN, unusual, exciting, youthful and happy.  Going through this house will make you feel like a kid again and if you are a kid, it will make you feel like you are on the adventure of a lifetime.  With hidden passageways and interactive exhibits, the imagination just runs wild.  Will definately go back the next time we are in Santa Fe!

Oh my, oh my, oh my. We walked in to Meow Wolf and were met with the front of a regular farmhouse. But once we entered the front door, everything changed. The art exhibits at Meow Wolf are phenomenal. If you only have time to visit one art experience while you are in Santa Fe this needs to be it. Each area of the house was unique in its decor and art. There is a mystery to solve as well. Solving it would take numerous visits or many, many hours so if you live in Santa Fe you should buy a pass. During the summer Meow Wolf adds live performers who also interact with the visitors. Do not miss this experience. 

This is a complex piece of performance art where the patrons are the performers in an alternate series of universes from 1950's trailers to the inside of a fluorescent mastodon whose ribs you can play like a xylophone.  Once you depart from the Victorian house you first enter, through any number of different Alice-like rabbit holes (under the stairs closet, the kitchen refrigerator), you can never predict what's coming at you around the next corner.  Great fun!

This is a terrific place - so inventive and so well built! The details are amazing. You enter what seems to be a Victorian style house, from which the previous occupants have apparently vanished. All their stuff is still there. Perhaps they went through the fireplace or the refrigerator - check it out!  New worlds await behind each door! It is fascinating to explore - allow at least two hours. Kids of all ages will love it -- My only wish would be for some adult-only hours, like having lap swim times at the neighborhood pool. We will definitely go back  again!

I'd go here again just to have a place to hang out and talk with someone: it's got some comfortable and downright enjoyable places to sit and chat while soaking in the mildly freaky atmosphere. And in between chats you could find plenty of intriguing stuff to look at. A large number of the adults there on the Saturday night we went seemed most to be enjoying exactly that lounging-around mood - and though it was a Saturday night with quite a few other people, it never seemed over-crowded. Kids who are old enough to look after themselves would find plenty of enjoyable distractions, and could easily be brought along (younger kids definitely would as well, but they'd need supervision, and that doesn't go with the calm grown-up hang-out I've taken as my theme here). I didn't find it a life-changing experience, or even mind-blowingly unique - but we were there in a mixed-age group for three hours, and left feeling relaxed and never bored, and with the sense of a shared experience that everyone enjoyed, and there's not many places I could say that about. Probably not a fun place to go all alone though.

Everyone was talking about this place. From the parking lot you get a sense of what is inside. But once inside, you are awed by each room and the creativity. It was a fun time for all and my kids kept saying, "What the heck....?" It was cool.

We spent about 3 hours at Meow Wolf on a recent trip to Santa Fe and loved it.  There really is no adequate way to describe it in words- just go and experience it!  You will be transported further away from reality than you ever thought possible. Our kids had fun climbing all over the place.  Some of the things you will see fit into all of the following categories- funny, interesting, psychedelic, creepy, trippy, mesmerizing, peaceful, etc.  It wasn't too terribly crowded when you went but I would try to go when there will be less people as I think that would enhance the experience.

Part dream. Part artistic canvas. Part playground. Part acid trip. Fully Meow Wolf!Words truly cannot describe the experience - I have been to a lot of things and seen a lot and this truly is one of the more unique experiences I have had. Kudos to the entire team of artists who developed, created and executed Meow Wolf. It is so radically awesome it is exciting to know that future iterations of it may be in the works around the country/world, but also it is so unique you almost want to just keep it isolated in Santa Fe and not share! On a Friday afternoon it was slightly crowded, but we had no wait. Outside in the parking lot there were food trucks and sculptures to look at. Inside there is the ticket desk, gift shop, bar area and craft studio. No back packs or drinks allowed, but they did have a complimentary bag check for our diaper bag. Yes - we took our 16 month old and he LOVED it! In total we spent around 2.5 hours - without little one we may have spent even longer. There is a story line you can choose to attempt to follow. Given we had our little guy in tow, we opted to just explore. Prior to booking our Santa Fe trip I had never heard of Meow Wolf - now I would consider a visit to Santa Fe just for Meow Wolf. Whether you are 16 months old or approaching 100 years, do yourself a favor and add this to your bucket list. Mind. Blown.

This is an old bowling alley repurposed into an interactive maze,  created by artists as an outlet for their creativity.  Nice experience.  Also has a music auditorium that handles crowd of 500.  Told that the author of "Game of Thrones" lives in Santa Fe and was financial supporter of venue.  Looks successful.  Other locations being considered are Austin, TX and Denver, CO

Hard to explain this so just go.  It's an immersive art experience but it's not like your in some museum staring at stuff on walls. This is part fun-house, part "Stranger Things" type mystery experience. It works on multiple levels and is just fun as can be.  Children obviously loved it but it's great for adults and you can release your sense of wonder and fun.

Our Airbnb host suggested Meow Wolf.  Some of the online information emphasized the artistic aspects.  We found it to be more of a themed interactive entertainment experience. But it was a lot of fun.

This was a perfect day trip from El Paso. You can buy tickets ahead of time to speed up entrance process. Discount for NM residents. Plan to spend at least 2 hours exploring. Fun interactive art walk through playhouse. During the summer there are performers in the house. Note: there are lots of stairs and some uneven surfaces as well as narrow passages. 

We were visiting family in Santa Fe and they suggested this exhibit to entertain our 4 & 5 year old.  Boy did they enjoy.  So much to see and do, some of the passageways were tight for the adults who have trouble kneeling and crawling.  The mammoth music was a huge hit as was getting to walk into the fridge.  I very interesting concept that was enjoyed by our whole group.

Can't get over how cool this place was.  Could've stayed all day.  Fantastic!  Hard to explain what it is, but basically it's worth your time and money if you enjoy cool modern pop art/ sci-fi

Meow Wolf in a nutshell, info is taken from the website and then my personal experience: Meow Wolf is a group of more than 100 artists across several disciplines including: painting, architecture, sculpture, video production, audio engineering, writing and many more. Through the combined use of these different artists and disciplines the collective creates fully immersive art experiences which aim at narrative storytelling, visual and audio polyphony, live music, performative experiences and interactivity.Meow Wolf has worked on projects that challenge current concepts of art and arts-based communities. They have completed temporary installation projects in Albuquerque, Chicago, Boulder, New York, San Antonio, Santa Fe and more. (PS -I hear they are working on something for Austin - YEAH TEXAS). Let's hope this is not a rumor. In March of 2016 Meow Wolf opened their first permanent exhibition, The House of Eternal Return, on Rufina Circle in their native Santa Fe, NM.My take - I first asked friends about their experience, however I didn't want to know too much. I wanted a smudge of suspense. I spoke with kids ranging from 7 up to adults and every face lit up when they explained their explorations within the instillation. Everyone has their own take away, but here is mine. There is a "story" to be told about the "House of Eternal Return" but quite frankly I don't think it can be told well in one visit, which really isn't fair to a non-native who can't return often. This was my only draw back to the instillation. The employees at Meow Wolf "push" the "story" so to speak, "Read all the letters and books inside" they say, but there just isn't enough time in the day to do that. So long story short, hit the website and read the cliffs notes. The people watching alone is worth the $20 in my opinion. I could have stood in the lobby watching folks buy tickets all day long. Lemme tell you its a real treat! Be sure to watch the short video before entering. Walk through the house first, maybe. Open every door, and I mean EVERY DOOR! Maybe you want to go into the next "portal" or room, but definitely come back to where to started to see if you missed a spot. Remember, this old bowling alley is HUGE! Touch everything! Play a video game. Find a room and dance like no one is watching. I was with a friend from Santa Fe who has already been a handful of times and there were new additions he had not seen this time around. So sure to check every crevice and corner. Take a break if you need to. Head outside to a food truck or grab a drink at their bar do some more people watching. Then head back inside. It is so hard to describe what exactly you are going to experience. I would say it is a playground for adults. A kid would tell you its a playground for kids. I am sure mentally altered people go there for totally different purposes - totally obvious...I mean where are half these people headed to next? Burning Man? In a nutshell SOLID 5 starts. Bring the kids. Bring your grandma. Don't forget your camera and maybe some deodorant for the burners. And don't give a flying flip trying to understand the "story" just go and enjoy yourself.   Don't miss this!

A very unique experience, full of twists and turns.  You can either take your time and try to solve the underlying mystery, or you can just go exploring.  We did the latter and spent about two hours there.  You could easily spend longer.  A minor warning - it is pretty dark in many areas.  It was easy to get separated.  If your kiddos are easily frightened, some areas might be a little intense.

Cool art thing. Would recommend going without kids first to figure it out. I was constantly worried about loosing a child. 

It's wacky, it's interesting and I didn't really get it.  We were in and out in an hour- for a family of 4, that's $80. It might have been more enjoyable if they explained it, but they didn't and you're literally just pointed into their weird art installation with a lot of twist and turns but no explanation.The live performers were amazing but they were kids operating without net so while it was great, it was a little scary to watch.  If you like contemporary art, you will love this place.  If not, you probably won't. 

My daughter (38) and I (65) were completely entranced at the genius that created this place! Portals to other dimensions hidden behind common place objects, clues to the mystery story every where and special effects as good as any current movie! Wow! Just Wow!!!

My 15 yr. old daughter got a huge kick out of this bizarre, live, walk-in modern art installation. We spent almost two hours there, and she tells everyone about it.

This is an awesome art installation created by more than 100 artists. It consists of a vast maze of rooms and interconnecting passages, each uniquely designed and inviting you to explore. There are lights, music, colors, hands-on displays, many surprises and interesting concepts in art through the ages. Artistic souls would be thrilled walking through this space and travel far and wide on the sea of imagination. There's also a theme story to uncover by interacting with the exhibits. No point describing Meow Wolf in words nor showcasing images because the essence here is the power of the individual experience of actually being there. People of any age and style preferences will find something interesting to do, from playing music on a mammoth bones to chilling out on a tree house with eyes. Highly recommend, don't over-read about it nor watch many photos — just go there!

Oh my goodness! What a great place to go and have some trippy fun! We had a great vibe pulling in when you view the massive spider and other cool works of art on display. The artists behind this endeavor are truly creative beyond anything we've ever experienced. The place has rooms with interactive items, crazy walls fluorescent stuff all around on the walls, cool creative hideaways. I could go on forever! We had a blast maybe we're just kids at heart but if you don't find one thing in this place that makes you smile well...that's on you. Check it out!

It's hard to explain Meow Wolf.  It's an eccentric, participatory art installation that lets the visitor explore.  Open the refrigerator door in the kitchen and you'll find yourself in a hallway.  The dryer door leads to a tunnel. Crawl through the fireplace and you end up in an ice cave.   Imagine falling down the rabbit hole in Alice and Wonderland and you get the idea.  Fun, different and suitable for all ages.  It would be fun to go with kids.  Go early as it gets crowded later.  

Without a doubt one of the most interesting places I've ever been! I've never seen anything else like it, I felt like i had been dropped into an old sci fi mystery movie. It was slightly crowded, but still well worth it. If you are coming please take your time to go through all of the clues and small details, there are some amazing stories to be told. In particular there are is a great, slightly unsettling, journal in the parents bedroom that is a good read. So many small details if you take the time to look. A unique experience!

A must-see! the house of eternal return is amazing! Dont forget to go to the house's backyard (like I almost did!).* Look everywhere for the safe code to find cool stuff!*

It is a must do in Santa Fe. My first time in NM, my friend..her 15th. Her favorite place this last trip. Need I say more? Go with no expectations, and be blown awsy

Possibly the only thing I cared about or was interested in heading into Sante Fe on my most recent visit. I picked up a flyer in Albuquerque and the more I researched the more I wanted to go. DIY, George RR Martin, a bowling alley...I can't possibly do Meow Wold justice in words, so just go and check it out. We went with a five year old and there was PLENTY to keep us busy and entertained for over three hours. There's an underlying story to follow, but with a youngen it would have been difficult to really peel back the layers, but maybe I will have the opportunity to sometime down the road.The art was amazing and diverse. It was perfect mish-mash of styles with heavy 80's, 90's, and sci-fi influences. Again just go and see it for yourself.

I went here with my family over a holiday weekend. It was busy, but we all had a good time. It's basically an artsy, choose your own adventure, non-scary, haunted house. It's a fun place for all ages. They also have a variety of food trucks in the parking lot.

The teens enjoyed it the most but it was fun for adults too. The kids enjoyed finding all the secret passageways throughout. You can really tell how hard the artists worked to make this unique.  I definitely recommend it.

I have never had such an interesting, interactive experience. The artists created display that had a vague storyline that is consistent in each exhibit. It would be worth going to Santa Fe just to visit this place!

Regarding age...I think this can be enjoyed by anyone at any age. Yes, it can be a bit overwhelming at times but you can break and sit in the lobby if you want, then go back in. There is so much here to enjoy and to explore. It was a breakaway from some of the more traditional, high-end art of Santa Fe. You will leave thinking about space differently!

It is a fun lace, good music, etc...it's off Cerillos Road South, so it's about half an hour by car from Santa Fe downtown Plaza...but they have plenty of parking..there is always music; lots of younger people frequent this place...

This place was awesome. Great creativity. Young people really love it. Our older family 83 & 86 did not get it. But my mother who is 80 loved it.

After being told by several people that this is a must see, we bit the bullet and endured the long line to see this one of a kind art installation.   I was blown away!  The kids loved it, and I can't wait to go back because the 2 hours we allocated for the visit wasn't nearly long enough.

The things that you see here will amaze you, it's a twist on art that requires a open mind and adventurous attitude.

This is an amazing place with great visual and interactive rooms connected in interesting and creative ways. A wonderful imaginative experience. Kids love it,but it may be too stimulating for children with sensory issues. 

It's an amazingly clever and entertaining experientialadventure.  Crawl into the fireplace to another room.Open the frig and walk into it only to find...well, I don't want to give it away.  Just treat yourself to this greatcollaboration.  One of a kind.

Walking though a maze of amazing futuristic and mind boggling rooms and places where you can let  your imagination go wild. First visit was almost a bit overwhelming,so you have to plan to come back second time.

We're not all that into the art scene here in Santa Fe but Meow Wolf is intriguing, unique, and well worth experiencing.  There is a story line that can be followed if you choose  but you can also just enjoy the interactive art pieces without pursuing the mysterious story that ties the art works together. Take you cameras because you'll likely want to explain your visit but no one will "get it" without your images helping to explain the fascinating Meow Wolf!   Enjoy.

Meow Wolf is part museum, part art installation, part a trip down the rabbit hole, and a whole lot of fun things to see and touch. It is fast becoming a reason people come to Santa Fe. It's something a little different and has something for everyone.

Meow Wolf is definitely a place to check out.  It's fun for old and young alike.  It's like going into another world -- they have really done an outstanding job of creating another universe.  It is especially fun to go around Halloween, when they have actors.  It's not scary -- just entertaining.

I grew up in Santa Fe and have often seen best intentions and countless hours of effort by truly dedicated people landing with a quiet thud and quickly disappearing. I have worked on many mouse related theme park attractions and events and therefore try to lower my expectations when it comes to local art installations. Meow Wolf was doing lovely and fantastically creative work before "House of Eternal Return", but with this installation, they show what they are really capable of. I went with lowered expectations and left feeling like I had emerged from a completely immersive experience. Those of a certain vintage will now the reference when I say I thought I was walking into the game Myst when I went into the house. House of Eternal Return has immediately become a must see for visiting family and friends. Excellent job, Meow Wolf!

So many cool things...crawl through the dryer to a secret passage, hidden doors leading to bizarre rooms...take your time and explore it thoroughly. A great couple of hours!

This was our first trip to Meow Wolf and what a great experience. It''s like entering another realm. I didn't know anything about 'finding Lex' though. If I go back I would do my homework and understand that aspect of the exhibit better. 

Probably can't say anything that hasn't already been said...Don't miss it!!! Great for teenagers!Try to go early or late or during the week.

My college aged granddaughter said we had to go.  I was a little apprehensive.  But it was so much fun!  You can spend an afternoon exploring each room.  

I loved it!  It was all science-fiction!  You walk in the house and notice something strange about the fireplace- like it's a wormhole!  Leading to worlds beyond!  How cool!  Your job here is to discover what happened to the family who lived there.  So you walk into closets and through refrigerators.  Leave no door unopened.  Enjoy.  We spent 2 great hours.  If they built another somewhere, I'd go.

I cannot stop talking about this place!!  It is AMAZING!!!!!  We actually went up for a school trip with our child's kindergarten class!!  This was so much fun, can hardly wait to go up again!!!  If you have not been there, you need to!!!!

This attraction is a must see if you are in the Santa Fe area.  Out of our 12 day vacation, we rate this pretty high up on the list just for it's novelty factor.  It needs a good 1 1/2 hours to really enjoy it.  You won't be disappointed!

Immersion art now has a new criteria: match the experience at Meow Wolf in Santa Fe, New Mexico.  The experience is like none other. Be prepared for Quirky!   Exploration and innovation for most age groups.  

My wife and I spent almost 5 hours there both enjoying the art and trying to solve the mystery. There is so much detail there we could have spent many more hours as well. If you've ever played a game like Myst, you will love this exhibit. Every room, piece of art, book, or opened door reveals more of the story.If you visit Santa Fe, this is a must.

Experiencing this may have been the best afternoon of my life. According to trip advisor it is "#1 for fun and games in Santa Fe" but I think it's fair to say it is #1 for fun and games in the world. You may think you've had fun before, but I guarantee, this will change your point of reference.FYI it's great for all ages. Our party ranged from 25-63 and everyone had a remarkable time.(My only criticism, which has nothing to do with the actual experience, is that plushies in the gift shop could be a little cheaper :C )

Per a recommendation we went over to Meow Wolf before heading out to dinner. The staff member who checked us in was very helpful and gave a brief description on what we would encounter inside. Once in the exhibit we were faced with room upon room of strange things. We were tasked with solving a mystery which I believe we did, superficially. At one point of our adventure I felt like I was inside Alice In Wonderland; it was awesome. If you find yourself in Santa Fe with 2 hours to kill, check out Meow Wolf. It did not dissappoint!

This is this most interesting art exhibit that we have ever seen.  Can't wait to take our teenage grandson this summer.  A must see in Santa Fe!

This is unlike anything you have ever visited. If you are within an hour or so of Santa Fe, it is absolutely worth the trip. Very cool, even for people not into artsy stuff. 

Meow Wolf is listed as a museum, which I sort of disagree with. What it is is a totally one of a kind interactive experience. It is designed by artists inside an old blowing alley, it consists of 22,000 square feet of rooms that allow you to interact with whatever the theme of the room is. The premise and the start of the experience is rooms in a family's home where you sense by various clues that something strange has happened to its occupants that leads you to a link to something else, another dimension maybe or whatever you want to make of it. You can work on trying to figure out the clues or just go with the flow and experience what each room has to offer. Either way, Meow Wolf is not to be missed and will be enjoyed by people of all ages.

So interesting.  Not sure how to explain it other than an interactive are experience.  It is like being inside, and part of the exhibit, instead of just being a spectator.

This place is a must see. It is difficult to explain. I am not a big fan of museums but my 19 year old daughter and I were enthralled for almost 2 hours. Put this on your list and experience it yourself.TIP... Get there at 10am.

We decided to go to this after several people mentioned it. It is out of town so you need transportation to get there. It is an old converted bowling alley. Try to avoid going when it is overrun with kids, unless of course you are taking kids. It is a space for people of all ages, in every nook and cranny there is something to see and appreciate. You do not need to have a great understanding of art to enjoy. There is also some sort of mystery that goes along with the adventure. I would say it is a place that warrants more thane visit. I would return if I had the opportunity. Read up about it before you go, but take the chance, it is a place all will enjoy. You need about two hours. 

This is probably the coolest place I have ever been. Tons of interactive, immersive, and unique features to explore and appropriate for all ages. If you are within 200 miles of Santa Fe, it is worth it to make the visit! 

I found this place very artsy, Fun, creative and interactive. If this is your first visit, as it was mine, enjoy the experience and do not get wrapped up in the stories in the rooms. When you come back to this place, you can read the stories, And see the mystery unfold. I highly recommend this place!

It's a playground. Or a video game in real life. Or a dream. Children love running around the surreal landscape. Adults can read diaries and find the hidden story. Cannot recommend this place enough.

Coolest "museum" I've ever been to! Spent 3 hours there and could go back tomorrow and spend more time. Worth every penny. The artwork, music, lights and overall experience is unlike any other. I suggest reading up on the story of the boy prior to entering so you have some background. Good for any age from toddler to grandparents!!! Give yourself plenty of time! Still mind blown by this incredible experience.

I LOVED Meow Wolf and the House of Eternal Return. What a cool and unique and surreal experience. So many different rooms to enter and I loved seeing so many different groups of people there -- families, friends, younger, older, all were enjoying the oddness and awesomeness of Meow Wolf. Would highly recommend and absolutely plan to return on a next visit to Santa Fe. 

Our visit to Meow Wolf had to be condensed to 1.5 hrs, but I strongly recommend 2.5 hrs minimum. This is a fantasy experience with portals through many rooms into fantasy areas. There is a story/mystery to explore if one should choose to spend hours and days reading all the material and watching the videos there to be found about Lucius, but even on the surface the visit is like nothing else I've ever experienced. I will definitely go back next visit.

Was an interesting group of artist work.  There was supposedly a story as you travel thru out the works but is not very clear as where to start or what it is.  This makes the walk through pointless as the rooms are very different.  

I had heard about Meow Wolf and was sold, I took 5 others aged 40 - 78 who were not sure about the idea with me and we all had a great time. We went right as is opened on a Thursday morning and beat most of the crowd. There is a deeper level that involves reading the material and getting into the story line, but honestly, we just went and explored.  Touch everything, the most unassuming things turn out to be interactive.  Open every door, dive into the dryer. Crawl through spaces... It isn't a museum, it isn't a normal attraction, it isn't a lot of things, which is why it IS so much fun -- you have never done anything like this before.

The most fun I have had in a while!  A surprise around every corner. Nothing but delight and good times.  Experience it for yourself!  

Santa Fe is known for its Native American arts and as one of the hottest spots in the United States for local, national and international art.  But there is another side of Santa Fe that is quirky and sometimes a bit more interesting, like Meow Wolf.  Set in a former bowling alley, 35 artists collaborated to create a giant artwork that you get to  experience on your own terms.  Walk through the front door and let your curiosity be your guide.  I went expecting not much and had a blast.  If you time it right, they also host mini-concerts...Might be a bit scary for little ones.

When was the last time you really played-as an adult? Meow Wolf is the place to play. It is a very large, multi level space will of potential activity. You can follow the written narrative about Lex or just roam around the spaced filled with recycled and movable parts that invite touch and play. Open the refrigerator door in the kitchen and be transported into another realm. It's fun and safe for most children. It allows children and adults alike to imagine, play, crawl, scoot, reach, climb, tumble, laugh and be amazed at the creativity. Touch the walls, play the laser light show, open every door to a new space and create your own narrative. There is a bar with beer and wine and some lunch items for purchase. Weekends are very busy-I suggest mis-week at 10am. Allow at least 2 hours to see it all. It changes regularly, so you can return. There are also concerts at night with unusual and interesting music groups.

The art is incredible, but the story is very compelling. The experience depends on how much you want to get out of it. My 12-year-old wanted to solve the mystery and could have stayed all day. My 14-year-old appreciated the art and was done after an extensive walk-through. The whole attraction pretty much defies words. The care that was taken in devising and integrating the project is incredible. Enjoy it!

this place is definitely a must go place if you in Santa Fe. Spend my New Years Day here with a group of friends, and had fun, looking around and interacting with the all the exhibits, as well as trying to figure out the mystery that lies with that world.

If you like puzzles, you'll like Meow Wolf.  It's fantasy meets bizarre--good fun for a couple of hours.  

Went here with my boyfriend and sister, we're all in our 20's. I wasn't sure what to expect but this was one of the coolest things I have ever seen! We drove all the way from ojo caliente specifically for this and it was more than worth the drive and $20 admission. Definitely don't miss out if you are in the area and plan on spending some time here because you won't want to leave! Just WOW =)

We were referred here by several locals that observed us with our 5 year old daughter.  When asked to explain it...they struggled... "it's a mix of art meets haunted house meets playground...." was the best description.   We put it off until our last day and wished we'd gone earlier during a weekday for more time and less grounds.   We visited on the weekend and it was very crowded after about noon.   It is built within an old bowling alley and features display rooms of eccentric art work...like walking through some madman's life-sized panorama project.   It meanders up and down levels... and is accessed by a very normal looking house.   Initially we wandered around the house and didn't "get it" until we realized you could crawl through the fireplace into another world of Alice in Wonderland style adventure.   You can crawl into and then slide down the easing machine... discover imaginative worlds by opening the refrigerator in the kitchen and walking in.... so creative!   There were a lot of drug and alcohol references as it's also used for more adult themed events...some adults and older teenagers were climbing over displays and into exhibits meant for children so keep an eye on the young ones.

Meow Wolf was a combination of The American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, MD, and the Netflix show Stranger Things, all times 1000. It was an incredible experience and I highly recommend it! 

Super cool interactive art installation. It was a bit crowed with lots of kids. However, that kind of added to it. Seems like you could go many times and get something new from it every time. 

My 100-year old father enjoys art collective Meow Wolf's "House of the Eternal Return" as much as my 2-year old grandson and the generations in between. You'll be glad you went, since it would be IMPOSSIBLE to understand what it's like without seeing it for yourself. Meow Wolf really hit the ground running. This exhibit has only been open for a year and has already been visited already by 400,000 guests, and that's in a town of only 70,000 people!  We've lost count of how many times we've visited. All I can say is GO, and go early in your visit to Santa Fe, so you have time to return for more.

What everyone else said. This is a super-creative, mind-blowing place. Who thought of all this stuff, and the "mystery" to solve?  I admit I was not as in love with it as most, but I'm glad to have experienced it and certainly have fun talking about it!

Oh what fun!! A must see especially for the young and young at heart!! We had ages 7 months to 70yrs. Never really "figured out" what it was all about or the "story" but it is art after all and each to interpret his own way. Our concierge best described it as a playground for your imagination. Too stimulating for small children under 2 or maybe even 3 yrs. You can spend a few hrs trying to "get out" but really don't rush-it's fun. It was busy when we arrived at 12 (we didn't have reservations and I don't know that they give them) but by the time we left it was packed! I recommend an early start. There are student and senior discounts. The food truck on site had good quesadillas,tacos etc. 

It's an art museum. It's a funhouse. It's an experience. It's a dream turned into reality. Whatever, it is, it is not to be missed. It has kids of all ages--from the young to the young at heart diving into the unknown just beyond that black hole, that portal, that refrigerator door. You are given a day pass and that's a great thing because you almost need two or more times to see it more than once from a different perspective. So spend the first time simply having fun and exploring. Then take a break, go outside and eat at a food truck. Then head back in and spend more time observing and engaging.  The only caveat I would say is that there is so much going on and some of the room's lighting could possibly put some in sensory overload. In cases where this may be an issue, there's signage.

Meow Wolf is a theme park, museum, and solving a mystery all at the same time. Great spot for kids and adults a like. Highly recommend keeping close with your group because it is very easy to lost lost between dimensions.

Meow Wolf was the best experience I have ever had! It was absolutely amazing with a spooky mystery behind it about the family who lived there and it was so amazingly cool!

It was amazing, incredible and beautiful!  The attention to detail was impressive and appreciated. We spent 3 hours wandering around in there and didn't even feel it.  I can't wait to go back and bring my husband and daughter.The pass is good for all day and you could really use all day to discover all the wonders of this place.

I didn't know what to expect when coming here. The best way to describe this museum is to say that it is an art museum where you can literally step into the art. It's like an art museum, a haunted house, and a jungle gym rolled into one. When you enter, you walk into a house. In the laundry room, you can actually physically go inside the dryer and down a slide to a different part of the house. You can walk into the fridge and go out to a different room. There are so many rooms, you can spend hours here. It's like a big maze. Some parts are creepy, but my 6 year old was fine with it. Every room is interactive. It is a great piece of art. I can't recommend it highly enough. It was the highlight of our trip to Santa Fe.

The person on Canyon Rd who recommended this to us said you need 1.5 to 2 hours for the experience. We were there for four hours with a lunch break at the food trucks in the parking lot in the middle. the entrance fee is for all day so you can come and go as you please. The staff was super nice and helpful. I lost something in the installation and they found it for me.  It was not super crowded when we were there and that was a plus. What is it? A huge multi media art installation in a former bowling alley. You first see a victorian house and go in the door. But for the inside of the house you go to other dimensions of reality. There is a non linear narrative that you can piece together by reading the newspaper on the kitchen table, notes on the wall, and watching films clips through out. Its dark with lots of colored lights. Trying to describe this experience is impossible. Just go. This is a must see/do in Santa Fe.

This was an amazing experience.  We spent over two hours exploring and discovering the exhibits.  Extremely creative people built this interactive experience!

This is the type of place that you cannot explain to anyone who has not been here, except to say you need to experience it.  As a large interactive art exhibit, you become immersed in an experience that you don't understand what it is, but you want more of it because you are curious and aren't sure what it all means.If you have ever watched things like The X-files, Stranger Things, or have a natural curiosity to discover the unknown, you must visit.  If you like puzzles, you must visit.  If you like odd things, you must visit.  If you like large open museums with detailed explanations of everything you see, then do not bother to walk in.  Only the curious need apply.Since it is all indoors, this is the best place to see when the weather is crappy, so if it is beautiful outside, stay outside.  But if it is dark and gloomy, then you need to explore the inside.Be aware that this place is in no way accessible to someone that cannot climb stairs, walk over uneven surfaces, climb ladders, is afraid of dark, enclosed spaces, or does not have a sense of humor.Before anyone else asks you, "How did you not go to Meow Wolf when you were in Santa Fe?" you must experience the best thing that Santa Fe has to offer.The way you know this is a good place to visit:  the locals will stand in line during spring break for an hour to get in.So the concert thing?  If you think the place is fun during the day, you really need to experience it with the help of mind altering situations like music.

This place is amazing and defies description. My daughter (age 12), my mother (age 79) and I all had a lot of fun. So much to explore. We spent 2 hours there, and we didn't even try to solve the puzzle; we were just exploring and taking in all the many feasts for the eyes and senses. It's A LOT to take in - almost overwhelming. I would like to visit again and spend some more time paying more attention to the smaller details. Definitely unique, and fun for all ages.

The place was packed on a Saturday but we still had a fun time. While it's not geared toward kids - my kids would have loved it when they were little.  All of those rooms to explore! The place is odd, crazy and weird but all in a good way.  The backstory is fun and if we lived in the area I could see my teenagers wanting to visit more often to really get the whole story.    

This place is totally unique.  Get there when it opens because it's less fun when it gets very crowded.  Great for kids and adults (but there are some small places to crawl through).  This place is totally trippy and impressive art.

This place is super cool! I had no idea what to expect and this was mind blowing. I wish we had the answer to the puzzle but I understand why they didn't tell people.

Fun, Charming, and Eclectic, this is a playground for Adults, as well as children.  I particularly liked seeing so much recycled "Stuff".  Small children have a great time, teens seem engrossed in the "Story", and adults can choose their particular level of involvement with the surroundings here.I hope to return.

Grandma foots the bill and the kids are happy. Grandma doesn't understand a thing, but takes pictures and smiles. Grandma wonders what in the heck it was all about but all 6 of the grandkids were so happy. Grandma took nap after.

This fun experience is a wonderful invitation for all visitors to LIVE their dreams! Thank you to the artists for providing a glimpse inside their fun minds. 

Saw a video on a friend's Facebook post and knew I had to visit. What a fun and memorable place that did not disappoint. You never know what you will see next. 

Went not long after it opened and was blown away by the experience. Strongly encourage people to visit....it's truly a singular experience.

This place is a creative jolt.  I had a blast getting lost in the matrix.  Kudos to George RR Martin for the fun house of eternal return.

A much needed venue for younger artists and aging hippies in Santa Fe. Young kids might love it too. But probably a miss with the more fine object oriented art crowd more comfortable at Shiprock or Charlotte Jackson. Lots and lots and lots of stuff in day glo.

You don't know what will be behind the next door, including the refrigerator door. Lots of fun to explore. Wear good walking shoes. There are rooms and spaces that you might miss the first time or two you go, so go again. Very stimulating for the mind. Not for someone who gets easily confused or distressed by "things that don't make sense."

This is a great place for kids and adults!  Take your time to go though the whole place!  I though it would be lame, but it was not!

Meow Wolf is an amazing art installation that not only dazzles the eyes - there is a story behind every room and it's up to you to figure out what's really happening in the house. This is a new must-see for Santa Fe - you will not forget your time at Meow Wolf!

This 'museum' is by far something quite different. They tell you when you buy your ticket that you will help solve a mystery of a family that something 'terrible' happened to. They say you should start by reading the mail. Which we did at the mailbox, we read what was in each room, but there really wasn't anything to solve I don't believe. very imaginative, wild colors, dinosaur ribs you could play with mallets, laser light harp that played music when you touched the lights.  there are hidden doorways and entrances everywhere - where you least expect it. Be prepared to climb, crawl, stoop etc.Lots of fun, spent 2 hours in there - could have spent more.

A MUST, particularly for everyone under 40!  All the buzz is true--it's really something indescribable.  You need to experience this!

It's difficult to describe Meow Wolf, because it is so unique.  Just be assured that all ages will enjoy the experience.  Just one note: I don't see it as being (physically) handicap accessible, for the most part. It is a great place to take children aged like 4 and up.

I think this was one of the best things we tried on our little spring break road trip.   All the kids loved this place, and there was truly something for everyone.   We even have a child in a wheelchair, and with the exception of the upstairs of the house, we were able to get her in almost every place in the exhibit!   So interesting and fun and creative, right up our alley!   I highly recommend it.  If I were to do it over, I would try to do afternoons, but that didn't work with our schedule, and morning was ok too.

Awesome crazy place. I can't even explain the weird coolness of this place. A must see in Santa Fe!!

A very unusual but fun and exciting  Good for all ages  Different from any other type attraction  have to go back

In Santa Fe?  Do Not Miss this experience.  Fun, exhilarating, Eye opening experience.  Is that a refrigerator? Or an entrance to another level of consciousness?  This is an experience not to be missed.  Read the clues - can you solve the mystery?  Have fun, stay an hour, stay 3 time will pass quickly at this venue.

I wasn't prepared for this place. Very weird, very, very weird. The details are incredible. If you have a good sense of direction you will see everything.  If not, good luck! 

Go! It is a unique and delightful presentation of part art/part interactive museum. Shows rotate so you can return and be delighted with something new to see.

This place was amazing.  My wife and I were really impressed.  We don't have anything like this back home.  The art is incredible.  I loved the secret passageways...through the dryer or refrigerator.  Seems like around every corner is something even more amazing.  I'd highly recommend this place to others!

Meow Wolf is a sensory overload, but in a good way. Let me preface with: this is really not an appropriate place if you have a family member with serious sensory issues. You are surrounded by light, sound, texture, movement, and engrossed by artistic chaos. With all of that said, it is an overload in the very best possible way. Meow Wolf will stretch your sense of reality, leave you questioning what you just experienced, and make you want to go back for more. I did not get into the whole mystery story line that is supposed to be woven throughout the experience. But I did really enjoy every aspect of the adventure. You are encouraged to look, touch, explore, play, and imagine. I don't know how to explain what you will encounter at Meow Wolf, you just have to see it for yourself. This is a must do if you are within a 4 hour drive of Santa Fe. Plan on 2-3 hours. Stop by Duel brewery across the street for a cold beverage before ( and/or after) you dive into Meow Wolf.

A walk through work of art that is appealing to the child-in-the-adult and the child. Sometimes an Alice in Wonderland-down the rabbit hole experience, sometimes an American Hogwarts. Great fun and an experience that encourages you to let your imagination run!

While visiting in Albuquerque, a local friend took our group up to Santa Fe for an afternoon. You could spend a whole day here and not have exhausted the mystery!Impossible to describe, memorable experience.

Two parents, and eight year old and a six year old...that was our party.  Everyone absolutely loved it, though for us big people, we would have really appreciated having more time (without our kids wanting to see the next room, play in the arcade) to work out the story.  I will go back again as soon as I get a chance.  We traveled from Boulder area with the #1 priority being this exhibit.  I was not disappointed.

First of all, this place is very hard to describe. To start with, there was a pretty long line out the door and it was cold and starting to snow. An employee did come out and managed the line in a way to get everyone inside. I'm not sure how long we waited in line, but I would estimate somewhere between 30 and 45 minutes. To our dismay, there was a group of younger girls who were trying to cut us in line and then they got on their cell phones and purchased will-call tickets and were able to skip their way to the front of the line. Once we entered the attraction, there was a two story house with many rooms and objects to explore. One of my favorite features was the refrigerator that opened into a completely different area. This is a hands-on artistic experience that is very much like living out Alice in Wonderland. That is the best way I can describe it. There were people of all ages there, but it might not be the best place to visit if you or anyone in your party has mobility issues. There are a lot of uneven surfaces, but I did see a sign where guests can request assistance and an employee can guide you through. Although I did see plenty of children there, I do not think this would be a good place to visit if you have a child that is prone to wandering off as there are so many places where a child could get lost. I would recommend allowing 2-3 hours for the visit, allowing time spent waiting in line. Overall, this is a terrifically fun spot to unleash your inner child, explore, and have fun!

What a fun place to visit!  A great work of art with a Disney twist.  Plenty of surprises for everyone with a vivid imagination.  Prepare to spend half your day there.  

Lose yourself in a fantasy world and let your inner child free to explore all the magical and mysterious other worlds here.  Or better yet, bring a real child with you!   It's in an old bowling alley, and you have to drive down Cerillos road to get here (ugh) but worth it.   

I went with a local Santa fe friend and my two children (age 4 and 7).  I had not read much so I went in with little knowledge and expectation.  You must see for yourself.  I have since read many articles and they don't do it justice and some spoil the fun.  Just go!  We spend 1.5 hours and let the kids lead the way-  didn't even attempt the mystery-  but would love to with another trip just with adults.Tips--We arrived right after opening on a Saturday and ticket line was 15 mins.  Looks like online purchasing is the way to go-  can go right to will call.- leave purses and jackets in the car- i accidentally left my phone at the hotel-  and was kinda grateful- i was able to fully appreciate and enjoy and not worried about instagramming-  plus photos don't do it justice.

If you've heard about Meow Wolf, and are at curious... Go!! This exceptional group of artists has created an Alice in Wonderland, meets art gallery, meets playground, one of a kind adventure.  Great for all ages! We got lost in the house for hours discovering new passages and new worlds around every corner... Or in the washing machine, or fridge. For all the people that give poor ratings because it's busy...it's popular, of course it's going to be busy. Expect it. And it's popular because it is a unique experience that you can't find anywhere else. Just experience it.

Meow Wolf was a fun sensory experience. There is so much to see and do there and lots of little surprises. I don't want to spoil the fun, but this is a must do in Santa Fe. 

This is a reconfigured huge building.  Multiple stories inside with an amazing array of things to see and experience.  Hard to describe the number of objects -- just GO.

While I love the fact that this art collective is getting such buzz and overall it is a beautiful concept...it is NOT A PLACE FOR YOUNG CHILDREN! Could get lost in a heart beat! Too overcrowded! And not enough ventilation! Very hot and stuffy (all except the space owl room). They need to somehow regulate entry? Suggest only taking older kids (8+).  No bags/jackets/drinks of any kind...must check bags at the desk. Made diaper changes and snack time very difficult because the desk attendants were very busy (and rude). Went on a Thursday mid day still had a long wait and line down the street. 

This is a great experience for all ages.   The "house" is amazing with secret passages, wonderful lighting, awesome displays and multi-media everywhere.     Kids will love it and it is amazing to walk through for adults.   Very original, funky and fun!   Definitely recommended!

This is an arts exhibition like none other. It is simple extraordinary - creative, whimsical, and a delight for every sense. A must see, for every age.

My cousins loved this life-sized maze through a converted bowling alley. Artists have created a "house" with all different rooms where all kinds of artists' visions come to life. I thought it was weird and was ready to leave pretty much right away, but if you like trippy wacky stuff it would be worth a visit.

How does one describe this "smorgasbord" for the senses?  Early on, you can enter a fireplace to exit into another room. Or you can venture into the skeletal belly of a huge beast as the room glows in different colors.  Perhaps entering the door of a front loading washing machine to slip down a slide is more to your liking?  Maybe try entering a refrigerator door to come into another room?  There is also a "coral reef" illuminated by neon strands of "seaweed."  Meow Wolf is all this and more.  Hints:  1. Order your entrance tickets on-line to avoid having to stand in line.  2.Go early to this very popular place and plan on spending 1 1/2 - 2 hours here.  3.Nearby is a good, inexpensive diner called M.A.M.A.S.

We visited on a short spring break trip. You get a discount with receipt from several local restaurants, we ate at Tortilla Flats across the street and it worked. Good for an hour or more of letting kids run around and explore. Similar to City Museum in St Louis but on a smaller scale.

I could write a book about this place. My wife is an artist and picked this as an activity. Absolute highlight of the trip. Fun around every corner. This will appeal to everyone from 2 to 90. There is something for everyone...or should I say a ROOM for everyone.I won't give away any secrets so I don't spoil it. But suffice to say the $13-18 per person on admission is a bargain considering what you are about to walk into.Only recommendation is to bring hand sanitizer. I wish I had had some. But otherwise....plan for atleast 2 hrs here...and if you have time...many many more!!

My husband and our two teenage boys were amazed by this really cool event. I can't explain it except to say it was a really fun interactive, very creative visit. We spent two hours here and had a blast. Come with an open mind and prepare to have some fun. The visuals are awesome and it is good for every age (hold on to little ones) that can get around easily.

Let your imagination go crazy with no shortage of inspiration here.  A must visit for everyone except tiny ones.  Super cool...follow the story!

I'm in the minority in that I thought it was different but didn't understand what was wonderful about it.  Some exhibits were cool, but it would be nice if they made sense together.  I didn't understand why anything was there.  It seems like a random collection of rooms.  My daughter likes random, and loved this place. We also went when it was very, very crowded; hard to move around and hot.  If you go when it's not super crowded and are not looking for anything cohesive, you'll probably enjoy this.  Kids and teens will love it.

This place was whimsical and amazing! Something different and cool to see around every corner! Fun for all ages! We spent 2-3 hours here to see it all. Buy tickets online to avoid the lines. This place is popular. 

Great Kids attraction. FUN for hours~  A unique mixed media Art-filled attraction for exploration and laughs.  Wear your 'tenni' shoes.

We had heard good things but no details about what to expect.  I think they call themselves a museum.  I call it children fantasy come true.  My 7 & 5 years old children truly enjoy it.  Highly recommend it.

Meow Wolf is an amazing experience.  It is great for children and adults (though I am still waiting to go without kids and have more time to really look in-depth!).  It keeps getting more and more crowded, but doesn't feel overwhelming busy once inside.  There is so much to explore and you see something different every time you visit.

It's a trip into other dimensions through art, lights, tunnels, interactive stories. Feast for the eyes as you wander thru halls and rooms set up to be uniquely different. Neon, lit, & dark environments. Lots of light work, lasers and audio art. Pluck a laser ray to make music. Good for all ages including elementary age kids. Lots of walking but hidden corners to sit as well.

Must see/do in Santa Fe.  I've just been telling everyone they have to experience for themselves.  It is hard to describe and you don't want to give anything away.  Can not wait to go again. Haven't seen anything like Meow Wolf. 

Decided to go to this place last minute.  We were told it was an interactive museum.  We went on a very busy Saturday night.  The place itself is wonderful, fun and very clever.  However, it was very busy. I am quite sure we would have gotten more if we went on a different day of the week.  I would have loved to go back when it was less busy to really enjoy and appreciate all the detail work that went into the making of that place. I can see how no two experience can be alike.  Highly recommend this for all ages, except, if you are older, I would suggest going during the week day when there are not as many people.

im glad I went but it didn't hold my interest for more than 15 min.  It might be best for parents small children in tow

We went here from spring break with our 8 year old.  This was an interesting place.  It was a little warm because of all the bodies due to spring break but it was an experience to be had.  Adults and kids alike had fun.

Oh my goodness!  This place was so much fun!  We had our kids and another family with elementary/middle school aged kids.  All of the kids and adults were entertained.  We all had fun looking around and trying to make sense of all of the awkwardness and amusement in that crazy place!  We only had the option of going one night during our stay in Santa Fe, but the kids kept begging to go back.  We will certainly make it a point to visit again!

This is a must see.... nothing like I've ever seen before.  A little Charlie and the chocolate factory (the first one) and Dr. Seuss.  Some scenes maybe too much for some children (a little gory) and may be offensive to some adults, but overall...you just have to see it... it's Amazing.

There is no clear story, and overall feel is not cohesive.  Some areas seem as an afterthought.  Portals are not a surprise because people an re always revealing them (fireplace entrance is far too low), and there should also be lights / sound to accompany the portal passages (missed opportunity).  Sometimes feels like an extended 'It's a Small World'.  The musical acts are often exceedingly loud.

I went to this unique attraction with my in-laws, and we had a blast. We weren't looking as hard to decider the underlying story. We enjoyed the exhibition on a superficial level and that provided hours of fun. Anyone in Santa Fe should not miss this one-of-kind interecactive fun. You can spend hours upon hours figuring out the mystery or just several hours trying to figure out how to get out.Note that this place can be crowded and has steps and climbing.

This is an interactive mystery maze for all ages. If you are 3 you will enjoy running through the house and "dimensions", but if you are older you will enjoy hunting for clues and trying to figure out what happened!

Amazing mind trip. Seriously ... this is an adventure trip for your brain! Your brain will love you and thank you. There is not a single corporate 'diversity seminar' that can match the mind expansion you will receive in one visit here. Bring children ... they will help you understand.

Our son along with his teenage friends visited the Meow Wolf while my husband and I went for a massage.  They could not stop talking about how much fun they had.  The experiences just kept coming.  They took tons of photos and I wish we would have gone with the boys!  A fun place to go. 

This is a very unique experience and fun for adults. Would have been better if there hadn't been so many little kids there but it was spring break. I'd suggest a time with fewer kids/people if possible. It was quite crowded even though there is a whole lot to explore. Must say I had a good time! 

Hey...you could go rock climbing right, or you could go to some art film, bar, opium den or bowling alley...but none of these so-called "leisure time" activities come close to the Meow Wolf experience. Meow Wolf is the environmental art world's version of a 21st Century "fun house", jungle jim, children's museum and haunted house! Not only that, but the world class crew of designers and technicians change up the environment every now and then. If you crave an experience that takes you out of this world into another dimension, then I highly recommend Meow Wolf.I would be remiss if I failed to mention that world famous author, George R.R. Martin of Game of Thrones fame provided his own belief in the vision as well as multi-million dollar funding for the arts cooperative known as Meow Wolf. It's been so successful, thousands of people from New Mexico and accross the country have broken all expected attendance records. A very hip, groovy full service bar is a new addition as well as an intimate performance space featuring some of the very best "under ground" musical/performance acts along with some nationally known performers. State of the art sound and lighting enhances any show you're lucky enough to attend.While Meow Wolf does not offer a restaurant, there is a "very groovy" food truck usually on the premises. Enjoy!

This is a great place!  We had the best time here.  We had family visiting and wanted to do something fun and this place superseded our expectations! We heard this place was great and people love it, but now we love it also.  This is a must try...young or old it is very interesting.  Our new favorite place.

This is a very creative interactive art space.  Go to the web site for an explanation, buy a ticket and enjoy.  Don't give yourself any time limits, you can blast through quickly or you can go very slowly, read all the clues in the forms of newspapers, notebooks, letters and get the gist of what happened to the family that once lived in the house.  Leave your serious adult "stick up your butt" attitudes.  Just go with your inner child and have an adventure.  Bring kids, bring teenagers, bring everybody. I recommend being when it opens on Wednesday or Thursday mornings before the school buses and other tourist hordes arrive.  You can take your time to experience the exhibits undisturbed. They allow photography which is GREAT for an art installation.  My favorite spots there are "laser room", the quonset hut with eyeballs, the secret passageway behind one of the bedrooms.  Set your mind free and enjoy.

Meow Wolf has "The House of Eternal Return" at this time - it is a mystery to solve within a mysterious and magical alternate reality/

This was a lot of fun. As with something like this did not know what to expect. My family and I had a great time here. We spent about 2.5 hours wandering around. This is really a must do if you plan on visiting.

Santa Fe needed something like this. Such a cool experience for literally all ages. My dad and I visit Meow Wolf every single time I come to town. I hope this place stays forever! 

You must experience this. Very cool interactive art installation. Bring the kids. Everyone wil like it!

Wow. This place was recommended by a friend as a "just do it" without explanation and now I See why. I also know it was ranked high on TripAdvisor so we went. It is very tough to describe Meow Wolf...I would say it is an art display adventure fun-house! It will take at least an hour to walk through...more like 1.5 hours or more. This is a fun, unique, wild and crazy adventurous attraction that you should check it. It seems good for people of all ages, kids to adults. Just go. You won't see anything like this ever again.

This place is a good rainy day destination, unlike anything else.  Think mind-bending fun house.  Appeals to teens, who are likely trying to 'solve' the mystery.  

I am not a 'Game of Thrones'-type person; nor am I a sci-fi/fantasy fan.  Therefore, no doubt, much of the "deeper meaning" of this experience went right over my old, gray head.  Friends who ARE into GoT, sci-fi, and fantasy raved about this attraction, so I wanted to check it out.  I have no idea why, but I'm glad I went, and I can't begin to explain what it's all about.  I will just say:  if you fall into one of the above-mentioned categories, I think you will like it.  My bottom line:  I did not fully appreciate something that thousands have and will.  I've heard the entity responsible for this creation is intending to build more in other cities based on the success of the one in Santa Fe.

Took a chance on this without knowing too much about it and had a great time! It's a little hard to explain - it's an interactive trip to the multiverse! We were all adults but it's fantastic for kids too, so expect a lot of little ones running around. To get the most out of it be willing to touch everything, turn knobs, push buttons, open doors, etc. It's far more playground than gallery/museum!  Leave yourself plenty of time - we easily spent 2 hours and didn't even address the "Mystery". Highly recommend.

Go during week or early in the day on weekends - popular place. Nothing like it - interactive, weird, fun.

This place is hilarious, if you like Alice in Wonderland you'll love this place. I went with a friend on a Saturday and wished I had gone during the week because there was lots of children there. But it's great for kids (and old folks) to widen their perception of reality. It is forever changing so I would definitely go again.

We visited Meow Wolf with our grown children and two-year old grandson in December, 2016.  This is one activity that is suitable for all age groups and it was fun to explore it with several generations.We weren't sure exactly what to expect - friends said it was indescribable and know we now why!  You really have to experience it yourself.  We found it to be a delightful activity that appeals to every sense.  In order to fully enjoy, go with an open mind - take your time and let the experience wash over you.To get the most of the exhibit, you'll need to wear comfortable clothing and shoes to allow you to crawl and climb.  If you are physically unable to climb or crawl, don't let that stop you from enjoying the exhibit - there are ways to get around that you can take advantage of, but check with Meow Wolf first to make your own decision.

Having read about Meow Wolf before I came to Santa FE it was on my list of things to do.  No information prepared me for this wild experience.  You enter through a house inside a building and the adventure begins.  There are things to see and do around every corner.This would be a fun experience for children as well as adults.  If you aren't fairly active there are some areas and experiences which may be a challenge.

This place is hilarious, if you like Alice in Wonderland you'll love this place. I went with a friend on a Saturday and wished I had gone during the week because there was lots of children there. But it's great for kids (and old folks) to widen their perception of reality. It is forever changing so I would definitely go again.

We visited Meow Wolf with our grown children and two-year old grandson in December, 2016.  This is one activity that is suitable for all age groups and it was fun to explore it with several generations.We weren't sure exactly what to expect - friends said it was indescribable and know we now why!  You really have to experience it yourself.  We found it to be a delightful activity that appeals to every sense.  In order to fully enjoy, go with an open mind - take your time and let the experience wash over you.To get the most of the exhibit, you'll need to wear comfortable clothing and shoes to allow you to crawl and climb.  If you are physically unable to climb or crawl, don't let that stop you from enjoying the exhibit - there are ways to get around that you can take advantage of, but check with Meow Wolf first to make your own decision.

Having read about Meow Wolf before I came to Santa FE it was on my list of things to do.  No information prepared me for this wild experience.  You enter through a house inside a building and the adventure begins.  There are things to see and do around every corner.This would be a fun experience for children as well as adults.  If you aren't fairly active there are some areas and experiences which may be a challenge.

A kalaidascopic adventure into neverland. Great for aging children of the 60's and other societal misfits and cosmic explorers. Adventures and experiences abound and there are surprises around every corner! WELL worth a visit!

My niece suggested we visit this place. We were not sure what to expect having never been to an interactive art gallery before. It was a great experience, we explored every nook and cranny of Meow Wolf and had a fabulous time. We will definitely come back!

My husband and I went with a small group.  It was such an unusual entertainment experience, I loved it!  We spent 2 hours,  not sure we saw quite everything but tried to. There's so many rooms to go thru and so much to look at and experience. My advice is to go slowly, open every door and really spend time in each room; as the light colors change you see different things. I have bad knees but not a problem, you can easily skip the tricky parts (like sliding down the chute in the dryer !)  and look for the normal stairways with handrails. There's lots of spots to sit down for a bit and that actually helps you see more. 

We thought this place was very neat.  Cool setup, lots of lights and various places to go in this "maze".  My wife and I had a headache afterwards and thought it was pricey for a family of four ($71)!

This was a truly special experience. While touring the state we went out of our way to visit Santa Fe just for Meow Wolf and one other attraction. We did not get into "exploring" the mystery too much, but the atmosphere and unique interactive exhibits were fully engrossing.  Great for kids and adults. We are two 20-somethings and we spent a little over two hours there.

A friend of mine told me I had to check this place out.  I didn't know what to expect considering it was described as an interactive "art complex."  But wow, it has to be seen in person.It's like a scene from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.  Weirdness upon weirdness, and very immersive.  You will find yourself getting lost quickly but eventually you'll find your way all the way around.It's difficult to describe this place better than that but if you like attention to detail, crazy, out of the box thinking, and a totally different, unique experience, this is for you.Highly recommend!

I lived in Santa Fe, NM for 6 years. Meow Wolf was the funnest indoor activity I did while I was there. People would come to visit and Meow Wolf was the, must, on our agenda. I genuinely felt excited to show people this unusual and fun art installation.

Very nicely put together. This place is like no other, very imaginative and colorful. We all enjoyed it very much.

Incredibly fun place. Not sure how to even describe the place. Interactive, interesting, silly - they all apply. Had a group from 8 years-old to 42 years-old and every one had a blast. Especially the teenagers  :-)Wear comfortable clothes and be ready for adventure.

For kids of all ages and especially for one of their theme events, Meow Wolf is a uniquely amazing experience. Don't miss this incredible installation/fantasm!

Just go. The instructions upon entry are "touch everything." No further background or explanation is given even upon prodding. Ask for the $1 3D glasses (the front desk doesn't volunteer them unprompted). This place is creativity run wild. It doesn't all make sense and it's not all great art but collectively it's fun and wonderful whether there really is a story holding it together or not. Good for kids and kids at heart. George RR Martin did a good thing funding this dream and deserves every penny he and his co-investors make off of the soon to expand MeowWolf.

We went to Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return shortly after it opened, so this review is long overdue.  My husband and I enjoyed it very much, climbed everything, poked into every nook and cranny, and just had fun in spite of our ages.  We should have stayed longer. There's so much creativity on display by young local artists who have a lot of vision.  It's quirky and unlike anything we've ever seen.  We'll go back to take visitors and see the new exhibits.

My husband and I love to dance. They have the most fun DJ's eclectic sounds and a brilliant crowd, of all ages and demographics. Great place to dance for night life entertainment and even better as a day time interactive museum visit. GREAT!

Meow Wolf is a bit beyond description:  visually stunning, oh-my-gosh and a discovery at every turn.  It's as if Alice and Wonderland, Phantom Tollbooth and A Wrinkle in Time all came together in a former bowling alley.  Don't miss.

So much fun for kids and adults!!!  It's really great to see something for the entire community! Go to meow wolf!!!!

This was my first time at Meow Wolf and I throughly enjoyed the experience. They've recently renovated and added some new areas so I can't wait to go back. It's an open-ended mystery where you walk through different rooms and collect clues, and it's very well done. But there is no actual solution, it's just what you think. There's also a room where you can play vintage video games for free, included in the admission price.

Our visit was fascinating.  The concept is very imaginative and creative, but not accessible for those with limited mobility.  The music making capability with the dinosaur skeleton and the laser lights was fascinating.  Did not try food.  After a lovely lunch and tour of the Botanic Gardens and a museum, we did this and were rejuvenated, but also exhausted at the end of the day!

This brave new art cooperative on the 'industrial' side of Santa Fe is a very worthwhile visit. The installation of "House of Eternal Return" is a delight for all ages. You'll be talking about this for a long time.

Off the wall best way  to describe it. lots of surprises. Best for kids but adults can't help but love it. Beyond creative

The grand reopening of Meow Wolf on February 2nd was a fantastic experience and the new exhibits were great as was the EDM music and dancing!

Secret passageways, tons of interactive art installations with a recurring theme.  This was my first visit, but I plan to bring my kids here in the near future.  There is a ton of attention to little details, and setting.  Must see !

There are no words to describe what this is or why. All you need to know is you must visit it. It's an incredible interactive exhibit that pushes your mind beyond reality. Kudos to all those that built it as it is absolutely fascinating. 

Meow wolf is a great mind twisting place to get lost for a couple of hours.  It's perfect for all ages and guaranteed to keep you entertained.  A must see if in town!

this has got to be one of the great fun art places in the US..maybe the world!  light hearted creativity that displays so many styles of modern installation and wall art.  a great way to spend an afternoon!

This creation gives you a visual experience tat I have notexperienced efore. Its very visual. A house with many rooms each with a different story concept. Difficult to describe. It took a awhile to gat into it. Kids will adapt better.

We went and explored as did lots of others.   It is hard to explain but a bit like a visit through the looking glass al la 1960's and an acid trip!  Experiential where comfy shoes and leave your purse and coats in the car.  Just go with an open mind and have fun.

Wow! This place is hard to describe.  Established as a not for profit artistic cooperative, it is a 20,000 square foot interactive art installation designed by a large number of contributing local artists. Built in a former bowling alley, you enter a seemingly normal house where reality is bent in all directions. You can exit by walking through the refrigerator or the fire place, and instantly you are transported into an alternate reality with many rooms of weird and wonderful things. One can just go and wander and enjoy, but for the more serious, there is a mysterious storyline to follow if you wish (a family caught up in an alien visit, etc., etc.We first visited not knowing what to expect (which is half the fun) and cannot wait to go back.  There is much more here to experience than you can possibly absorb in one visit. A GREAT visit for kids of all ages, but fascinating enough for adults as well.

This one most fun 3 hours I spent in Santa Fe.  The imagination is exceptional and visit is the worth the $18 admission.  Take camera because explaining the visit to friends needs visual aids.

This place was so unique and fun!  Loved every foot of it, and would definitely advise anyone traveling to Santa Fe to check this out 

Quite an unexpected experience.  Once you enter the House you are in a different world.   the level of detail it incredible---newspapers, photo albums, diaries, books all related to the theme.  I will not give away secrets...but there are many in the house!  I highly recommend a few hours at MeowWolf.  You will leave full of excitement!   

This was an interesting experience.  At some points almost a sensory overload, but everyone loved it.  It was hard to stay focused at the time but that's what made it so great.  There was so much to talk about afterwards.  I would certainly keep an open mind and give it a try.

There is no way to adequately describe this place. We quickly gave up on trying to figure out "what happened to this family" as it was just too much and too far out there for our tastes. Instead, we just wondered around and tried to just appreciate each section on its own, all the saying out loud to each other, "how the heck did they think of this?" Two senior tickets@ $16 so a little expensive for a two hour visit.

So very rarely impressed by installation experiences, this one really swept me away. I went with friends but decided to explore on my own, and that was definitely the right way to go! So many magical moments. It's 10/10 value for money. Definitely try to check it out if you are visiting Sante Fe.

We went to Meow Wolf last August while on vacation in Santa Fe. I don't even know how to describe this place. I will say it was absolutely amazing, and my family of 5 had such FUN at Meow Wolf! Explore everything - cupboards, closets, refrigerators, drawers, etc. Go through every door that you can, climb around, look up and look down - there is something amazing, unique, and/or mind boggling everywhere you look. So much fun. My kids had a blast. Of all the places we went and things we saw on our 2 week Southwest vacation, Meow Wolf is the place the kids still talk about the most. In addition to the super cool "house," there is a nice little gift shop that has some cool t-shirts. There is also a wonderful room for young children to create art, play with legos, etc. My kids were only able to spend about 20 minutes in this room before it closed, but now that we know about it we will dedicate more time next time we go so the kids can enjoy this area. We are going to be back in the Santa Fe this summer and the kids have already asked if we can go back to Meow Wolf. Absolutely yes, and I'm looking forward to it as much as the kids!

Just fantastic! Couldn't have enjoyed it more. It's a fantasy come to life. Interactive and engaging appropriate for children and adults. It could prove challenging for folks with mobility issues. The gift shop it a little disappointing given the spectacular exhibits. Check it out for sure. 

unexpected boost of coolness for the young ones in Santa Fe.more of something you would found in a big cultural Metropole.go for it !!!anything else in Santa Fe is dusty and boring  compared to this ..

When I try to tell people about this amazing artist community collective space, I generally can't do it justice and just say, you can't explain this place, you have to experience it. Be prepared to tap into your inner child and ready to climb, crawl, touch, hear, and see EVERYTHING. Rooms and rooms bursting with creativity, every turn brings new joys and wonders. Give yourself plenty of time to explore and catch a concert here sometime. Simply a must do in Santa Fe. I only wish they would create another space like this in Portland, OR!

Creative, inventive, mind-blowing.  The exhibit is an adventure offering whimsical fun and your own investigation into the family's disappearance.  Buy your tickets online and go to the head of the line; take hand sanitizer (you'll want to touch everything); allow 1.5 to 2 hours at a time - the ticket is good for all day, so you could go in and out.  You can check coats and backpacks.  Food trucks are usually located in the parking lot.  Most of all, just enjoy!

This is the coolest spot in town and hopefully a sign of things to come for our little burg. Affordable, with a depth of detail that rewards both casual viewing and in-depth investigation. An excellent primer in creating interest in the arts.

My husband and I are senior citizens and were unsure that this was an adventure for us.  We loved it!  Every part of it was an adventure and a surprise and well done experiences/art exposures.  Do not miss it!  

This art collective and exhibit has been attracting world wide attention.  There are all kinds of sculptures outside but an even more fascinating collection of art work awaits you inside.  It is a phantasmagoria of astonishing creations.  Don't miss it if you are looking for amazing art exhibits in Santa Fe.

This unique installation is simply a delight for the entire family. Kids, adults, seniors, you name it. You can take anyone except your dog because - well, dogs aren't allowed I guess. It changes constantly so, what you saw last time may be completely changed on your next visit. They also have performances from time to time which is another fun highlight. The facility used to be a bowling alley so that gives you a sense of the size. There are various rooms with varying themes, all imaginatively orchestrated. Officially, they call it "an arts production company that creates immersive, multimedia experiences that transport audiences of all ages into fantastic realms of storytelling." but that just begins to tell you what it is all about. It's a combination of jungle gym, haunted house, children’s museum and an immersive art experience. Think Exploratorium. Think Alice in Wonderland. Think - down the rabbit hole. That's a good idea of what you get although in a safe environment. Bring your camera. Dress casually because you'll be crawling through the fireplace, through the refrigerator and up and down staircases. Don't freak out though because there are alternate routes to everywhere so even grandpa can manage it with his walker. Go for a short visit or spend the afternoon. Your choice. You'll find plenty of things to experience.

I have been to Meow Wolf three times, as I live in Santa Fe and have easy access.  It is a grand adventure with something for everyone.  The art is astounding and creativity is everywhere.  In addition, there is a story and secrets to discover if you have the time and inclination.  It is truly an original cooperative art experience.  I highly recommend a visit or two or three!

This is an interactive experience you won't soon forget.  They offer a military discount.  You need to try every door and see where it leads.  The same is for each fireplace and refrigerator.  It's a totally awesome experience.

Visited with a group of friends. Very friendly staff greet you at the ticket counter. After getting your tickets, you walk down a dark hall to the entry. Make sure you watch the creepy guy on the tv before you enter. After you walk in you can go in many different directions. Walk in the house a discover the secret passages under the stairs, into the refrigerator, or through the fireplace. Once through to the back your eyes and mind are put into sensory overload. Really really cool stuff to see. Take your time and look around.  Sit a while in the many interesting seating areas. To really see it all there is a lot of climbing and crawling. We had a blast. Hope you do too. 

This place is super funky and cool!  I could have spent the entire day there if we had the time.  Very artistic and inspiring for artsy people like myself.  I would love to go back after they rework it. 

This place is something that needs to be experienced, as mere words fail to do it justice. We decided not to solve the mystery but merely explore the space as first time visitors. The Victorian house as the entrance seems innocuous enough until you start noticing details, some of which may be accessed through a fireplace or even a refrigerator! People much more creative than most have managed to pull together a visually interesting and mentally challenging experience. Go. 

Visited with a group of friends. Very friendly staff greet you at the ticket counter. After getting your tickets, you walk down a dark hall to the entry. Make sure you watch the creepy guy on the tv before you enter. After you walk in you can go in many different directions. Walk in the house a discover the secret passages under the stairs, into the refrigerator, or through the fireplace. Once through to the back your eyes and mind are put into sensory overload. Really really cool stuff to see. Take your time and look around.  Sit a while in the many interesting seating areas. To really see it all there is a lot of climbing and crawling. We had a blast. Hope you do too. 

This place is super funky and cool!  I could have spent the entire day there if we had the time.  Very artistic and inspiring for artsy people like myself.  I would love to go back after they rework it. 

This place is something that needs to be experienced, as mere words fail to do it justice. We decided not to solve the mystery but merely explore the space as first time visitors. The Victorian house as the entrance seems innocuous enough until you start noticing details, some of which may be accessed through a fireplace or even a refrigerator! People much more creative than most have managed to pull together a visually interesting and mentally challenging experience. Go. 

Amazing.  Cant descibe,  a must experience in Santa Fe. I never been to a interactive art museum like this. It takes at least 2 plus hours to explore everything.  You will not be disappointed. 

Amazing.  I had heard that this was being built but wasn’t sure what to expect.  We hemmed and hawed at the seemingly high entrance fee, but thank goodness we didn’t decide to leave.  You could spend hours exploring – I don’t want to say too much and give it away.  There is a real energy in the place.  There were lots of kids, and it was pretty crowded, but it never felt overwhelming or annoying.  I’d recommend to anyone they check it out.

What a FABULOUS visual & auditory experience...for ALL ages! I loved all the exploring & physical activity...everything is hands on...be sure to open doors & drawers, climb into/onto everything, look in all directions, etc. There is no correct way to attack Meow Wolf...just have fun. I advise visiting the bathrooms before starting your journey because they are located away from the activity. We had a party of 3...two 68 year olds & a 35 year old. We all enjoyed ourselves! We arrived shortly after 1000...it was an excellent time to visit!

Somehow I think it wold have even been better if I had a few drinks first.  Don't go in with a Heavy Coat, you'll need to park it somewhere. Also, buy your ticket online to AVOID the line!!!!!

We got tickets  for a Christmas prensent.I had been wanting to goto this Museum(artsy)because it was adifferent kind of place than a regular museum(artsy) There was places to climb(good for children) not good for handicap people. You do some walking and some stairs. I would say this is modern art or new age art. Most things were hands on art.Different

There is no way to describe this art installation, maze, sensory delight.  As a 60+ year old woman, I enjoyed our hours here.  However, my 28-year-old son LOVED it.  I think he could easily spend all day here.  It's like being in an evolving mystery house/video game.  Indescribable.  I understood more after reading about it online following my visit.

A maze which must delight children but not children of all ages.  I was told I must experience it.  I would have spent my time best somewhere else.  It's someone's fever dream.  Not mine.

A small gift shop and place to eat (you can bring a little picnic or buy snacks from the machines) are in the lobby of this interactive art "gallery." No need to purchase a ticket if you're sending the older grandkids in for hours of exploration BUT why let them have all the fun?GO IN. You won't want to miss this. Tickets range from $10-$18 depending on your age (kids and seniors are cheaper; New Mexico residents get a discount.)Does this sound expensive for good entertainment? You can spend the entire day here using your wristband to go in and out of the building for breaks if you like. There are food trucks outside.When you first enter the exhibit turn to your right, go to the mailbox, open it, and read the clues. This will be helpful to you as you explore the entire maze of mystery. There are hidden rooms, interactive musical and light rooms. Sit down in the exhibit. Find the quiet room. I can almost guarantee you won't see everything the first time. You will want to return and return again. Also, since Meow Wolf will be making some changes and additions you will want to return still again.This is the most popular exhibit in Santa Fe as of this writing.

Such a fun, unique, unusual, crazy, whacky, wild, innovative, colorful, mindblowing experience.No words or description can prepare you for this MUST visit experience!

I am so glad this place exists, so much talent and the background story is just Amazing. So much fun!!

If you have ever wondered what it would be like to step through Alice's looking glass, well, this is just the place to experience it.  I went with my kids and some friends last summer and can NOT wait to go again!  This was an absolutely phenomenal and unforgettable day!  Go! Go! Go!!!

I don't even know how to review this place! It is a wacky, hands-on art "installation" but not a museum, not a gallery, not a performance...but just really really cool. I heard that George R.R. Martin of GOT fame put this together from an abandoned bowling alley to be a showcase for up and coming artists (local? not sure). There are dozens of exhibits that tell some bizarre and creative visual stories that you get to actually interact with and not just stare at.  For instance, one area had what looked like LED-lit dinosaur ribs protruding from an "ice cave". The ribs were 8-9 feet long and there were mallets on the floor.  When you hit the ribs with the mallets, it was like you were playing the world's largest Fred Flintstone style xylophone.  I don't want to try to describe everything so that you will be awestruck like I was, but it was the highlight of our day in Santa Fe and I highly recommend it.  We went on a weekday and it was pretty crowded. I've heard that the line can go around the block on weekends and I believe it, so plan ahead but DON'T MISS THIS.  Also, I heard that the installations will change so check the web page.

This was not what I was expecting. It can be crowded, so buy your tickets on line (their web site is hard to navigate, stick with it) and you go to the head of the line. Great for the kids too. It is a crazy collection of STUFF....an old house that you can crawl through the fireplace, a dinosaur that you can play music on his bones...Great indoor activity for the family.

Absolutely unique, enchanting and inspired walk-through-narrative-art exhibit.  Unfortunately it's such a hit and that the lines are so long, that we walked away from making a second visit.

If you are a mystery buff or a child of the psychedelic era or if you have kids, this is a definite stop when in Santa Fe. Premise is a family disappears from they're home.  The house is full of secret passages and hidden doors that lead one to a variety of strange, exotic and weird places. It's psychedelic, nightmarish, mind expanding and fun.  Check out the refrigerator.Come early.  They open at 10:00 AM. If school is out, lines could be long.   

This place is great. Make it your first priority in Santa Fe! Also, try not to find out anything about it before you go. The mystery is the best part!

I am thrilled that a friend suggested to go to Meow Wolf. It is an amazing crazy house and backyard that has been completely transformed. I truly feel like i was in another world. I would love to see who and how many people collaborated for this amazing art space. Honestly I can not say enough. We had 8, 12 and a 14 year old and a small service dog. They loved walking through the refrigerator, through the fireplace and all the secret passageways. People have compared it to Alice in Wonderland; this is probably the only comparison possible. You will not be disappointed with Meow Wolf. Only problem was that I explained to the children that there was a mystery to be solved and that a family had disappeared and we needed to find out what happened. The kids wanted a definite answer and did not want to leave. There is not a specific answer and each can take away something from how they appreciated the space. If you try to solve the mystery it is definitely more intense and you MUST read every page, every note and watch every video. The first note in the mailbox is important and to get the back story look through the album on the living room table. I heard they might be writing a book as well as a producing a movie based on the Meow Wolf. I wish they had these in every city. In my opinion it is a Collaboration of geniuses and a must see. 

We have 9, 12 and 14 year old children.  They all enjoyed the experience.  The fridge was cool.  I didn't find it psychedelic or too weird.  Its pretty interesting.  Love the art and imagination put into how the area is.  It was quite packed when we went.  Buy your tickets ahead of time so you dont have to wait in line.  Fun to explore and kids can play music throughout.  There is a brewery down the street that you can walk to and have a drink afterwards.  The taproom was open when we were there but they were not able to take credit cards at that time.

We went the day after Christmas, and the place was jam packed.  This took away some of the experience, but it was still very interesting.  

Try to find a time when it is not crowded to go so you can investigate and unlock the mystery. If it is crowded, it is still amazing to go and explore the inner imaginations of a cast of artists. It is incredible how they transformed a bowling alley into a visual and tactile manifestation of ours and another universe! Touch and try everything!

Fun for kids from 5 to 95, a really fun, interactive, interesting and wonderful time.We alll had a wonderful time.

Meow Wolf "House of Eternal Return" is amazing!  It is everything and more.  I literally walked out of there speechless.  

Not having been to any other Meow Wolf installations, we weren't quite sure what to expect. We went with 2 friends from Albuquerque, and were blown away during our 2 + hour experience. It is not just an "art installation," it is an interactive, walk through magical and mysterious rooms. We took the advice of someone who said, "if you see a door knob, try it!" Most of them led to another fascinating journey, while trying to unravel the story of the house. If you are visiting Santa Fe, or live locally and have not been, this really needs to be on your list of things to do. We missed the special exhibits and activities over Halloween, however other friends went and said it was fantastic! We plan to go back and see everything again with fresh eyes. A must do!

Unlike any art installation you have ever seen. Enter a wild world of mystery and bizarre imagery that is open to a million interpretation. No two folks will experience this ever-changing exhibit the same way.Advice: buy your tickets on their website and avoid what can be a very long ticket line.

Let me be incredibly real for a minute... this place is amazing, but was not made for anyone over 5'8, 200 lbs.   I am 5'10 and significantly more than 300 lbs and it was tough to squeeze through some of the spaces.  I did it, but it was not graceful and I'm sure there were others that made fun of my efforts.  That being said, this is a great place to spend a few hours.  Due to the holidays, the line was ridiculous and the people working the line for pre-sale tickets couldn't get their act together.  One gentleman came through and told us that we could buy tickets online and bypass the line, so several of us in line did so.  Another lady came by and said that they wouldn't honor the tickets purchased today for bypassing the line and she was only taking paper tickets.  This would've been fine EXCEPT she then let several people behind me bypass the line when I'd listened to and/or watched them buy their tickets at the same time that I did.  Either way would've been fine, I just wanted some consistency.  It took just over 75 minutes from my car to the door of the exhibit.  I arrived about 5 minutes before they opened.  Once inside everything was nice.  I bought the glasses, but I don't know that it was worth it.  I tried it with and without and had just as good of an experience without.  Again, there are some VERY tight squeezes for someone my size.  There were two places that were so uncomfortable that I thought I might get stuck, and two other places that I didn't even try because they looked sketchier than the first two.  The secret passages were surprisingly friendly and did require me to crawl in a few places.  There were so many people in the space that it was elbow to elbow almost everywhere.  I wanted to explore the actual storyline more but didn't have the opportunity because of all of the people.  All in all I would love to come back and try it again when kids are in school and there aren't tons of people travelling for the holidays.

My honey and I went to check out this "museum" to see what all the fuss was about.  It was interesting to say the least.  Its a place that older kids or teenagers might have fun or an adult in a "zoned out" mind frame.  I don't think I would go back anytime soon.  Once was enough.  Way to expensive in my opinion.

It was an incredible experience and fun for everyone in our family. It was an interactive art studio containing different themed spaces to climb on, make music of, solve mysteries, and explore. It is a house containing secret worlds. You could touch or play with anything you saw and open up every door to reveal exciting passageways. I especially enjoyed crawling through the refrigerator. It does leave you over stimulated and tired but it's worth it.

What an experience! You'll love the uniqueness of this display. It's great to visit with a few people so you could try to figure out the mystery.

Go with an open mind, explore everything, let go of your need to know which direction you're going in (because there are many) and be amazed! It's crazy good.

Our group wondered what we were getting into as we waited with hundred of other families in the cold. Well, Meow Wolf didn't disappoint-- it was an interactive, immersive art installation that sparked the imaginations of everyone from 12 to 84 in our group.

difficult to categorize this ambitious undertaking, except to say that you should see this place. See if you think that a bunch of disparate artists and backers could possibly have done anything like this in your neck of the woods. I may not really get it, on this visit or my next, but I keep thinking about it.  Note: You have to be in the right frame of mind to do this--there will be odd noises and lights,  running children, leisurely wanderers, hipsters, all of which contribute positively to the experience, but you've got to embrace it. And note-- not a good place for the mobility impaired.

What a fantastical, amazing, unique, spectacular place.  We visited Santa Fe for the southwestern culture (food, art, landscape), but when we heard about Meow Wolf, we had to go check it out.  We were literally transported into another world!  It's nearly impossible to describe, but we loved every minute.  It was such fun to explore and find secret passage ways, dazzling light displays, and incredibly creative art.  The entire experience was interactive and experiential!  What a crazy, fun way to spend the afternoon.  We'd love to go back and explore another day!

Such a unique and creative space! I have never even imagined something so cool and funky. We went on Halloween weekend and were blown away by the exhibits and being unwitting participants! Came out super energized. Would love to catch a concert here. Also can't wait until my son is older to share the joy!

This is a must visit for all ages.   The place is amazing.  Spent hours and am sure we missed a lot.  Plan on atleast 4 hours minimum.   

Its a big building (former bowling alley which is why the name is on a big bowling pin shaped sign).  There is a sort of loose narrative about a house and the people in the house experimenting with inter-dimensional portals and the idea that the house and the area around it are quarantined.You can dive as deep into this narrative as you like - clues about "what happened" are everywhere...or you can just wander around and experience it all.  Lots of crazy rooms, secret passages, little nooks to sit and rest or contemplate, and interactive features.  You can spend 2-4 hours here, depending on how quickly you move through things or choose to linger.  We spent 4.  It is multi level, you will probably do some crawling (although the staff will help mobility limited people experience it), and it will get warm inside.  Leave your coats in the car.  Try every door, cupboard, closet, etc.  Many are secret passages.Photos are allowed and there are plenty of them already posted.  Have fun!

What a funky great place! Take the family and have fun for hours!It was more fun than I expected and I did not know what to expect.Don't wait...GO!

An absolutely fabulous visit to an amazing art wonderland where you walk through refrigerators, have lights that play music, and have room after room of surprises and beautiful oddities.  It was created by artists to amaze you and take your breath away and is like nothing you have ever seen!

I was totally blown away by what I experienced. Everyone must go, no matter age. It's the best thing to do in Santa Fe, in New Mexico, maybe even the entire world. Cerrio. 

This art experience is truly incomparable to any other Santa Fe experience. It's sort of a cross between the Exploratorium in San Francisco and MOMA's installation pieces. I have been sending out of town guests there ever since it opened and finally got around to going myself last weekend. Took a geeky friend from out of town who was absolutely wow'd - we both were. Just couldn't get enough of it. Perfect family activity too as it's suitable for young kids, older kids, young adults, older adults, seniors - and everyone else. They also have workshops, special performances and are hosting what promises to be an incredible New Year's Ever party this year. I recently red that it is now the #1 place visitors go to when exploring Santa Fe and I now understand why. Will be back, often. 

This one-of-a-kind experience is not easy to describe. Perhaps Meow Wolf is inspired by Alice in Wonderland. Plan to spend around 2 hours walking around what at first appears to be a quaint, but ordinary home, but then discover surreal other worlds accessed through doors--some obvious and some hidden. Explore every passageway and don't be afraid to crawl through the fireplace.

What a remarkable adventure. Somewhat inspired by City Museum in St Louis and by the creative energy and fun-loving actions of a host of artists, Meow Wolf is a huge collaboration and expressive real life-sized tactile, sensory exchange with endless creativity and some cool dimensional mystery themes. What a great place to spend four hours, literally. They even let you leave and come back, if you keep your receipt. The take-away? What fun can be had when we fund and support our artists. Go Wolf!Gotta do a lot of moving, climbing staircases, some tight spaces, though always with a choice, etc. Best if you are thoroughly mobile and more adventurous. You can take your time or take lots of your time. Well worth it. From 4 to limber 80s, younger in their folks' arms. Great time.

Impossible to describe.  A brilliant, weird experience into another imaginary world.  Kids and adults will love it. 

We went to Meow Wolf not really understanding what it was. We weren't sure if we were allowed to touch anything at first, but make sure you do that. Just be respectful and gentle!Everyone that is involved with Meow Wolf has done an amazing job of creating a truly unique experience for people of all ages and interests! A must-see in Santa Fe

Unlike anything we'be seen.  A museum of contemporary art. From the moment I crawled through the fireplace into an ice world with musical dinosaur bones I knew this wasn't santa fe anymore.

If I lived in Santa Fe, I would want season pass to Meow Wolf. I took my daughters, boyfriend, and my dad. There is so much to look at and explore. It made us adults feel like we were in a grown up play land like a true life Alice in Wonderland. The concept of having a mystery surrounding its existence and having visitors there to help figure it all out is such a great way to get friends and family to work together, have fun and go exploring. 

If you lived thru the '60's you may wonder if you are experiencing a bit of a "flashback" going thru some of this interactive art exhibit. Sort of like an acid trip without the drugs. We went with a 13 year old who upon entering said the first thing we had to do was run up the stairs of this house and look in the toilet. After that he dragged us downstairs and we went through the refrigerator into another dimension.... all I can say is you must explore these "dimensions" at your own pace. Having a 13-year old along helps but also a good sense of humor and a tolerance for getting sensory overload.

Don't miss this almost indescribable place. It's the closest to following Alice down the rabbit hole I've ever experienced. An amazing mix of carnival ride, artistic overdose, and non-drug-related trip. Don't miss this.

A totally out of the box experience. First time I saw something of this kind. They need to make more of these!

I've never been to anything like this.  This place is just full of creativity.  There's a very complete back story to the whole place with plenty of clues to help you piece it all together.  But, if you are like me and don't want to invest the effort to figure it all out, the place is still incredible.  There are countless rooms and "experiences" and surprises around every door (or fireplace or refrigerator).  Go.  Enjoy.

Wow, just wow.  Totally indescribable and totally amazing.   What an experience. So totally weird, bizarre, fun, mind boggling and giggle inducing.  Can I move there for the next 4 years ??????

Such a very unique attraction, hard to explain and describe.Don't miss it.Take your time and camera.  Touch everything.There are a few cool interactive displays - play music with laser lights.

What a great place to visit! I highly recommend this for all ages! You definitely get your money's worth!   Don't miss this!

The juncture between art and "the story" is fuzzy but, if you have plenty of time, watch the videos and read the diaries and try to get clues about "what happened here?"   Luckily, I had done some reading but, even if you are not prepared with the "pre-story" of the family's disappearance, the walk-through will keep you entertained for at least a couple of hours.  You will need to maintain a mental map of this maze to get around but there are folks in lab coats to point you to the exit or answer questions.

You know something has an impact when you're still discussing it 2 weeks later (no, I'm not talking about the election). After sampling a number of Santa Fe's vaunted museums we were in the mood for something different on a rainy Monday afternoon and drove ourselves 15 minutes south of downtown Santa Fe to the Meow Wolf headquarters. There we bought tickets to the House of Eternal Return exhibit, which I'd read about in an airline magazine (we were lucky—there was no long line). "It was a blast!" is how I would sum up this interactive/performance art experience. Wearing our 3D paper glasses to enjoy all the optical illusions, we explored this wacky, imaginative place for hours, peering down toilets, climbing through chimneys and refrigerators, creeping down winding staircases, and hanging out in various perches & cubby holes with extraterrestrials. This is an experience meant for both kids and able adults (especially if you're there for one of the concerts) but watching one elderly lady try to haul herself up a steep stairway with a scowl on her face, I thought maybe it wasn't meant for her, so be warned. We had fun perusing the kooky little gift shop after the experience, too.

After LOTS of hype, we were excited to make the trip from Colorado Springs! I have to admit we picked the Thanksgiving weekend (Saturday) & knew it would be busy. We arrived mid AM on Saturday- were a bit surprised to see 50+ folks in line outside! We waited, got our tickets (NOT cheap!!) and proceeded to enter the facility- truly impressive. Amazing. HOWEVER- way way way too many people allowed into the facility- honestly wondered how the Fire Department could allow that many bodies on site. Unable to absorb the amazing facility as people were pushing and shoving. MIGHT go back again but will NOT be a holiday weekend!

Our 11 and 13 year olds had a blast here.  The attention to detail afforded to each room was overwhelming in a good way.  We will definitely come back.

If you have four or five hours, this place can be great.  If you have only an hour or two, you will not really have time to immerse yourself in the story or try to figure anything out.   But is it cool to see and quite imaginative. 

My honey found this place as we planned our annual trip to Santa Fe.   I wasn't sure what to expect from a former bowling alley turned one of a kind eclectic art and interactive personal experience.  Worry not!   This is a fun place for adults and kids but I would add that small kids(under 10) probably would not enjoy the visit.   Imagine a building that has secret passages, windows and stairs leading you to new and wild experiences through the place.  Take your time and don't rush through.   There is plenty to see, touch and listen to for all.   Don't overlook the refrigerator in the kitchen.     It has a gift shop, of course, but it's so cool   And as you exit check out the Art-o-Matic.   It's a vintage cigarette machine that was converted to dispensing art work.    Take a minute or two to read the names of all the artists and volunteers.  It quite a list.   This is the only one on earth at this point.  Go see it before it's franchised out!

This was so much fun it was a little Trippy but was so much fun! This is great for all ages. And is an amazing attraction!

This was recommended by a friend and we we were so glad we went! There really isn't a way to explain Meow Wolf other than to say it is a blast! Be sure to add it to your list for Santa Fe!

There are a couple of ways to enjoy this place, one is to simply take in the displays, sounds, music, and characters.  The other is to solve the puzzle.  In the back of a normal appearing closet is a whole new world, but that's not the only way to get there, nor is that the only alternative reality...

You can get as much as you like out of this.  My husband and I just enjoyed walking around looking at eveything, while the other couple spent their time trying to find out what happen to the family.  

This place was recommended by several people so we went along to check it out.  It was amazing.  It is an interactive art experience that you probably won't see elsewhere ...  every corner had something different and unusual... there were hidden doors everywhere. You are encouraged to interact with everything as you don't know what it will do or what will be behind it or where it will take you.  Fun for all ages.  A must if you are in Santa Fe ..

Meow Wolf was a perfect concert venue. It was interesting, extremely fun, and something different for entertainment. We can't wait to go back and take our time to explore. The reason I give this only three stars was the concert itself. We saw Toro y Moi which we were pumped for. However, the LACK OF SECURITY was a problem - and we weren't the only ones. People were complaining, fights were breaking out. Jeez. We knew it would be packed, but it was obvious that it was overpacked. On top of that anytime I've been to bigger concerts security stood by the stage to keep an eye on the crowd. There was NO ONE in sight. This crowd was rowdy to the point it DID need to be controlled. I'm all about having fun, and yes I've been to some crazy shows, but it almost made it unenjoyable. Please Meow Wolf, take into consideration that people paid to see an artist. "Security" chillin' in the back just didn't quite cut it. Disappointed. 

Two couples crawled through interesting spaces for 2 hours. We had fun. We are artists, and found little that was surprising. But it was all fun. The best concept, repeated many times throughout the space, is that of emerging from one understood environment into another with a vastly different environment. I understand that the space is going to be closed for a few weeks to work on the installation. That is good, because far too many items were broken or just did not work at all. Perhaps it has been loved too much. During the down time, the crew might consider attention to the ever-present awareness of the shell of the space. With a bit of reflective material in the ceiling, we would get more of a fun-house experience, and let of the sense that these displays are built into a large open space with pipes, etc.

Meow Wolf is one of those places that you need to experience for yourself.  It is strange, magical and downright thought provoking.  From the moment you enter the grounds you are surrounded by awesome sculptures.  Once inside you find it is a magical haunted fun house with mystery in every room or hall or doorway.  There are objects that you make music with and laser beam harps which will simply amaze.  It is a place where several different themes and mysteries are inter-twined.  Plan on spending several hours there and wear comfortable shoes because several of the passageways are steep, it is truly worth the price of admission! (HINT) There are people in white lab coats to assist with your questions. (HINT) Look Meow Wolf up on you tube and watch the one featured on "Ted Talks" before you go to better understand what you are searching for.

not for someone wanting a linear experience. The exhibit is set up to be viewed by wandering through two levels, interacting with eh exhibits to learn more about a family an its mystery, 

Wow! I was not expecting to get the experience we had at all. We drove in from texas to see Mangchi and as we walked in for the concert we were just amazed at what was behind that door. Needless to say we almost didn't  make it to the concert because we were caught in amazement. The band fit the venue to a T. We actually had to go back the next day to explore the house again. I dont want to spoil the experience  for anyone BUT THIS IS A MUST SEE... AND GIVE YOURSELF AT LEAST 2 HRS, BRING AN OPEN MIND , AND YOUR IMAGINATION. Ps GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE YOU ENTER!!!

This is an absolute must if you have children, or if you don't.  Creative, entertaining--unlike anything you've ever done before.  Promise.  You need to be mobile to enjoy completely.

My houseguests teenagers that I took to Meow Wolf loved this weird and wonderful place... allow more than an hour to explore and then you will probably not see all of it... or understand it...FUN !

Go to Meow Wolf.  Just go.  It's not for kids or for adults; it's an amazing experience that appeals to all ages.  Bang on mushrooms like you would a drum set, slide through hidden passages,or sit and be immersed in a storied adventure.  Just go--it's worth the cost of admission and plan on being at Meow Wolf for 2-4 hours.  I have so many more things I'd like to say but I'd rather be cryptic and vague than ruin your beautiful surprise. 

Went with friends on a Saturday and it was so crowded -- try going on off peak hours. It's pricey for what it is, but also keep in mind that you are supporting an art collective with your ticket purchase. Bought tickets online ahead of time with instructions to pick up at will call -- there is no will call desk, so you wait in line with everyone else. The ticket person couldn't find my order to boot, so really no point in ordering online.The House of Eternal Return is filled with lights and sounds and lots to explore. We couldn't quite follow the story because it was so crowded and we left after about an hour and a half feeling overstimulated. Definitely something to experience though we probably won't go again.

Great experience for the entire family.  They change the venue frequently, so each experience is different.  The whole concept is so creative and novel.  You can plan to spend 2+ hours at the venue.  It is akin to an Escape Room in regards to trying to figure out the mystery.  We have family 8 yr - 67 yr and everyone was happy.

This is a strange place. Some parts are quite interesting, but many parts are just bizarre, not interesting. There is supposed to be a story that is the theme, but that theme is sporadic and rarely related to the displays. Our group of three adults spent an hour there, which was more than enough time. Kids would definitely enjoy this for longer. Most of the interactive features were not working. Much of the contents are a mishmash which could be from garage sales. 

An interesting performance art. I got tired of climbing up and down stairs and walking through fire places and refrigerator doors and the like. I blame it all on my advanced age. 

This was the most fun we had!  I am all for museums, cultural sites, hikes though wilderness areas.  This was the most unusual (in a good way) stop that we made.  I can't even try to explain this.  Just. Do. It.

You just feel how special this place is. It's unlike anything you have done before, you can spend a delightful time exploring the artistic delights of the installations, no matter how old. I encourage anyone to go and experience Meow Wolf -- not to be missed. I am still thinking about some of the art I saw, one week after the visit. The staff and general mood is so uplifting and supportive to think and see in different ways. Hats off to the the wonders they have made and the dynamic fun / inventive / playful feelings they nurture. 

Very unique interactive collaboration encouraging exploration of hidden spaces. Over the top visual experience with an overarching theme of "What the heck was going on in this old house?"

This experience is one anyone with an artistic bent or appreciation for imaginative expression of lights, color, textures, and design will revel in you can spend an entire afternoon walking and crawling through this exhibition and I certify that you will be amazed and delighted.

Loved our visit to this colorful and interactive exhibition back in August.  Pricey but worth it I thought.  I loved how there were old fashioned games you could play.  The whole visit was very hands on.  It really appealed to our senses with the sounds and bright colored visuals.  Yeah the walk through the refrigerator was cool.   The dated room set ups were great.

If you enjoy art, this is for you.  Interactive...it's for adults and children.  So many things to see, you may have to walk through more than once. I've never seen anything like it. Too Cool.

We've all been hearing about it and finally made it for an adult birthday excursion.  Definitely an experience!  As fascinating as all the rooms and art were - it was also fascinating to see who was there and what they were doing.  Clearly there are depths to the displays that we didn't have time to uncover in our probably hour and 45 minute visit.  There were young people poring over objects and displays, seniors who also were intrigued and had been there before sharing secret passageways with us.  The neon areas were fantastic.  I did have to fight my claustrophobia in some of the areas.   A band played briefly and they were way too loud if you were near that area.  My 5 year old grandson loved all the levels and passageways.  His favorite was driving the "spaceship" - he was taking us to Jupiter!  I would go back - my husband probably not.  We had a bonus - there was a small political rally in the "bar" area with Senator Tom Udall and George R. R. Martin who helped make Meow Wolf happen.

This place was a trip. Very interesting experience, even though I am not real sure how to describe it. Something happened here and there are clues all about for you to piece together. It is a real sensory jolt with boat loads of creatitivy going into this place. Certainly worth the time and money.

It's hard to describe this place.  Fun house meets art installation?  This place is like no other place I've been to.  You start out in a bowling alley.  Then you walk into a house set piece where you are encouraged to "open all doors".  I have not walked into a refrigerator before and come out into another universe, but now I can say I have!  This place is FUN and fanciful.  $18 gets an adult in, but the experience was "far out", and I loved everything about it.  Lots of kids there on a weekend, so plan your visit if you don't want to get overwhelmed by kids pushing you over.  Frankly, the crowds add to the wonderful chaos to the place, so I wonder about visiting when it's uncrowded.  If you can leave your logical brain at home and cut loose, this is a wonderful place to experience.  It is a unique art experience.

My friend and I were really excited to visit Meow Wolf and didn't know what to expect.  Just wandering through the space is incredible.  You get to walk into neat rooms, climb through refrigerators, I just wish I had had more instruction as to what the point was.  It was confusing.  I'd like to bring my young nephews as they would LOVE the experience.

This was a scavenger hunt if you want it to be. Otherwise, you will still have hours of fun exploring without following the clues. The Halloween event has actors and creatures and musical experiences that culminate in a dance party! Totally mind blowing!

This is supposed to be an immersive art experience. The museum could use some work on the front end to set up the story line so that one has a reference about the experience. The sets and props were great and unbelievable. You  need at least 2 hours.

It's an eclectic, weird conglomerate of interior design and art; kind of a disneyish rendering of the 80s art scene in LA. Fun to wander around and kids especially seem to get a kick out of it. Some very creative ideas.

This place is so much fun! Got there first thing ran wild for a cpl hours then ran up the street to the shake foundation for lunch and came back for another cpl hours! Such a cool quirky art meets science kind of place that all ages can enjoy... money well spent!

Meow Wolf is a unique experience and not your conventional museum. The artwork dispersed through this particular museum is a culmination of bizarreness and fun in various rooms that all flow together. There is some kind of a theme or story to the artwork inside this museum. I never figured it out but once you go in it's almost like going into another dimension. There are so many places to explore and there is always something exciting around every corner. I would definitely recommend this for any art buff or even a science fiction fan. Tickets are about $25 to enter but I paid about $35 for two people. You are allowed to touch and explored the museum. Some places are a bit tight and require crawling or crouching. The artwork is interesting but some of it may be a bit strange or possible disturbing for children, though I would say it's exactly scary. Despite this, it's a great place for everyone of all ages. Keep in mind the museum is closed on Tuesdays.

Something VERY different and very cool. Like a maze ... or haunted house ... that's (usually) not haunted. Great place for concerts. My only concern is the general admission is WAY high. Especially for locals and south side families. Should be more accessable for "normal people" and not just another Santa Fe haven for the elite and second home folks.

what a great performing art/ art space in santa fe! very fun to explore with kids and arty adults. concerts are recommended.

an amazing immersive art experience, with hidden gems throughout. The attention to detail along the story line and the integration of real installations makes this space totally special.try to go during the week / during off peak hours and be ready to get lost for hours. I spent ~2.5 and wish that I had more to read through all the pieces and really get a handle on the story line. That being said, even just getting lost in the installations alone will be worth it!

Imagine a converted bowling alley converted into a strange world, of a weird world of lights, a story to follow, places to crawl through, etc. A fun house for a few hours. 

A story unfolded through a fantasy world , where everything seems to be possible , and where human imagination seems to have run wild in all directions

I'm still not sure what Meow Wolf is, but know that I had a blast.  Whether we were perusing items in the house to figure out the mystery or simply exploring the alternate reality, it was unforgettable. My tip: get there early - it was more enjoyable before it filled up with others. 

A lot of work went into creating this imaginative interactive museum!  Great for families as they have to solve a puzzle, but even as an adult without kids, it was fun to explore!

Awesome experience!!! Take your time walking through to check out every lil thing..We had so much fun going in and out of the refrigerator.. We're 31 with no kids and we still had a blast.. 

I don't know how to describe this place. It is dreams incarnate. Reality and chaos and space and life and joy. An interactive art gallery with an interesting narrative for you to find on your own. Open your heart and your eyes and dive on in. Try and find a slow time of day (we went mid day on a Wednesday) so it is quiet and less crowded.

You need to go when the crowds are limited (during the work day?).  There is an interesting story told through interactive art at Meow Wolf.  With the crowds, it was very hard to look at everything (especially the documents, videos, computers, etc).  Some of the items on display are not well maintained.  I longed for more visibility and time...

We had no idea what to expect. Our trip through this interactive art experience was mind blowing. We barely scratched the surface of all that is to be discovered.

Meow Wolf has been around Santa Fe for awhile, engaging in all sorts of public events that seem to have, as a baseline, imaginative storytelling. But that makes it sound like a passive activity when in fact it's interactive. This past year they built their first permanent installation -House of the Eternal Return- that gives one a fictional world to explore. Maybe multiple fictional worlds would be more accurate. The best thing to do is stop reading this review and go. And enjoy the food trucks that are generally parked outside. Allow 2 hours anyway. I took my grandson (age 13) and granddaughter (age 8) and we had a blast.And we will be returning.

While us simple souls from Cleveland lacked the intellect to even understand half of the experience we sure did enjoy it! I especially loved the Harp room!

Very interesting interactive art exhibit.  Expands your imagination wildly.  Recommended for locals and tourists..

The main exhibit when we visited Meow Wolf was House of Eternal Return. We attempted to follow the story line and clues, but eventually lost track. There was various media, from books and arcade games to lights and music. It is easy to become separated with others in your group and to lose track of time. Family friendly, but still great for all ages. If we were to visit again, we could easily have a completely different experience.

This is a place for 'inquiring minds want to know.'  It is best to research the reason it is there before you go. The video introduction leaves a lot to be desired. Folks in Santa Fe may know the background but tourists don't have a clue. Don't buy the 3-D glasses.

A friend recommended that we be sure to go to Meow Wolf when we were in town with our 3 kids (8, 4, and 2).  Collectively, we were all taken to a new dimension at Meow Wolf.  We loved it so much that my 8 year old has asked to go back every day since then.

This art complex is housed in a bowling alley, huge areas.  Multiple mazes bring you into different themed areas, great for kids and adults, highly recommend this attraction, words can't fully describe it. 

Wow. I didn't really know what to expect going in but my mind was absolutely blown. I won't spoil it for you but once you enter the exhibit, things start to get really strange, surreal and beautiful. There's a lot of "play" and discovery you get to do and it kind of makes you feel like a kid again. Your imagination definitely goes into overdrive.

We went with some friends who knew of the place. It's like, a walk-through art gallery. It has a back story, so you walk through all the rooms and see some strange stuff. But it was fun, sometimes interactive, and very....different. Lots of fun!

So much fun and the additional performers were great. It was significantly more expensive ($35 per ticket regardless of age or resident). Our party had a total of 8 people ages ranging from 4ys-65yrs and all of us loved it. It will definitely be a great memory for our entire family!

Art, mystery, funhouse. Plan on spending 2-3hours running around. Wear comfortable shoes and layers because it does get warm in there. Young and old alike will enjoy this but infants may be more difficult going in and out of small spaces and dark rooms.

I was in awe of this place! Every corner was a new cool thing to look at or explore.  I only wish I could have spent the entire day here reading everything and solving the mystery, but I ran out of time. I will definitely plan another trip to Santa Fe, so I can come back here.  It was my favorite place on my roadtrip.

MW was recommended by nearly everyone when asked for places to visit. It was a 15 drive from our hotel. Bursting with imagination, colors and random tours. Turn left, turn right, go up or down, it just doesn't matter. Took us a bit over an hour and we'll never know if we missed anything. Free parking. Stopped by the Railyard on our way back to the Inn of the Five Graces.

I went with my two young boys to Meow Wolf to give my wife (getting a massage) a break from us during vacation. The boys were skeptics at first until we drove up to the driveway and they saw the huge sculptures outside. Then, when we went in, they became so excited. This place is weird but in completely awesome way. The boys loved the connection to "the house" and the weirdness and loved trying to find secret portals and other functions of the displays. For instance, if you hit the dinosaur bones they produce light and sound. The boys loved this place and kept asking to return. Overall, it was a fun place.

There is so much to say about Meow Wolf but to get it down to a short and sweet statement: This is like nothing you have ever experienced before. It's a Disneyland where you can touch and try everything. Where you will never know if you have seen it all or figured out any of it. It appeals to all ages. Be smart and go early in the day when it is less crowded although your admission is good for the entire day. Might be worth going, thinking about it and then going back. 

Tired of run of the meal museums?  Head to Meow Wolf...we had so much fun exploring and figuring out the mystery, or trying to anyway.  You have to open your mind and just enjoy the wild journey that you go on, it is a maze of color, fun, fantasy, a little wonderland in Santa Fe.  We had a grand time!

alice in wonderland meets moma-disneyworld in an altered dimension of reality. secret passageways, rooms with amazing light shows, walls that are not solid, an amazing playground for kids, adults and teens. not great for the over 70's crowd, too much climbing, crawling and stimulation.

Took a drive up to Santa Fe NM to spend the afternoon with the wife, stopped at Meow Wolf great place to explore. We had a great time and would suggest it to are friends.  Not good for elderly people lots of stairs and tight places and some uneven places to walk.

This place is full of questions, nostalgia, out of body experiences. It will make you smile, think, reflect, and marvel at where the time went. I'm not sure that the folks who thought this place up consume all legal substances -- more like a present day Alice in Wonerland..

I had heard about this place when I was planning my trip to Santa Fe and so glad I checked it out. I was there by myself and still had a good time, but it is definitely an experience to be had with a group of friends or family.  It's something I will for sure visit again because there's so much to see that I feel like 2 hours just wasn't enough.  

We had an amazing day at Meow Wolf. We had no idea what we were getting ourselves into and worried that a "museum" would not keep young boys' interest (ages 3 and 5). They loved finding all the secret passageways, music making opportunities, lighting...  My thirty something niece and I also enjoyed it. We were not able to read the story with two little ones in tow. Maybe next time!

I am from Mendocino California - the small town the Seligs also lived in.  To see all of the details of my tiny town transported so accurately to this other world was fun and a little eerie. Yesterday morning I woke up early (in Mendocino) and looked out my window at Big River and the pre-sunrise light and it occurred to me that I am going to think twice when the first big winter storm rolls in over the Headlands.

If you have the chance to stop in Santa Fe, Meow Wolf is the place to go. It was one of the most interesting art exhibits we had ever been to, and it felt like we had really fallen down the rabbit hole. We went on a Wednesday right when they opened at 10 AM, which was great because there weren't too many people. By around 12, it was starting to fill up with a lot of kids, which unfortunately sort of detracted from the experience so we decided to leave. We spent two hours, but could easily have stayed much longer since there were plenty of clues to be found and mysteries to be solved. We loved it!

We have heard so much about Meow Wolf before and it was really cool! Fun for the whole family for several hours. But don't forget to purchase the 3D-glasses, it is a much better experience with them!  

Two of my traveling companions and I spent several hours exploring this delightful and unusual exhibit. Mind-expanding interpretation of all things art. Wonderful fun. 

I have to be honest and say that I may be too old to really see what this attraction is all about!!  We visited due to a referral from our Uber driver!  It did take up a few hours but I left very dazed and confused!!  That should date us for sure!!

We have heard so much about Meow Wolf before and it was really cool! Fun for the whole family for several hours. But don't forget to purchase the 3D-glasses, it is a much better experience with them!  

Two of my traveling companions and I spent several hours exploring this delightful and unusual exhibit. Mind-expanding interpretation of all things art. Wonderful fun. 

I have to be honest and say that I may be too old to really see what this attraction is all about!!  We visited due to a referral from our Uber driver!  It did take up a few hours but I left very dazed and confused!!  That should date us for sure!!

Go with friends. It's fun to explore and say to your friends, "look at this!" We enjoyed the experience.

Meow is a project that started a year ago in Santa Fe, financed by private donors and benefactors to create an indoor space for local artists. It features a magic wonderland where visitors explore a fantastical landscape and wonderous home on various levels, with lots of visual and acoustic effects. So, its not a museum. It even does not feature art work. What it does is to offer an adventurous experience for a family - as a one-time pleasure, because once you know it, its meaning is exhausted.

This is an artists playhouse of sorts. Very cool . It has a mystery you can work on to figure out what happened to people living there. Difficult to do if crowded like it was day we were there. But very fun to think outside of the box and go through the "playhouse".

We went in without really understanding what we were seeing.  I asked one of the male security people what the purpose was, and he was non-committal and unhelpful. He told us to just experience the art.  So we wandered around and began to understand some of what we were seeing.  Finally, I asked a  female security person some specific questions and she was more forthcoming which was greatly helpful. Our main problem was that the explanation wasn't in the mailbox when we entered so it we started with a handicap. Also, read the brochure with concentration. We liked the idea that this exhibit gives artists steady work - each room was created by a different artist, and the rooms are dynamic according to the security people.  I am not sure if we would return to this exhibit, but kids obviously love it.  

At first this place just seemed like a wonderful hodge podge of interactive art, but there is a lot more to it than that. This almost undescribeable and unique experience left me wanting more and wondering why there aren't more places like this. Family-friendly, fun and challenging(if you want to). We were there for 3 hours and really can't wait to go back!

I am not sure how to put into words what this place represents but I do suggest visiting here.  And make sure you set aside a few hours to really take in the experience.  There is a story here but unfortunately during this visit, I was unable to really play along.  You enter a victorian style house and try to solve/explain what happened to the family that lived there.  I visited on a saturday, which was very busy, and decided to just be in awe of the art and take tons of pictures.  Be sure to open everything as there are tons of hidden doors/passageways.  Also there are many photo opportunities.  In all, a very different & fun experience.  The price to enter was $20 and you are allowed to leave and come back all day. This venue also provides concerts as well as hands on projects for adults and children.  Highly suggest coming by for a visit.

One of the most unique interactive visitor experiences I have seen in several years.Buy your ticket online so you can go straight in and start your new experience. House of Eternal Return adds a new twist to visiting Santa Fe!

Some friends recommended visiting Meow Wolf as part of my family's recent trip to Santa Fe, and I am SO glad they did. Meow Wolf is one of the most unique, engrossing, amazing, fun, and memorable things I have done in a long time. It was a highlight of our trip, and if I had known how amazing it was, I would have gone to Santa Fe just to see it.I went with my husband, parents, and toddler (1.5 years), and we all loved it. (We had some concern that it might be too much for our toddler, but it was a fantastic experience for him, and I think older kids would enjoy it even more.) I feel like I could spend a thousand words attempting to describe it and still not do it justice. How to possibly summarize a place with a fully recreated house filled with secret passage ways that lead into a fantastical world, which multiplies into space after space of wonders? It was truly magical (even my husband who doesn't like to use that word as a descriptor agreed), and I already want to go back. If you're in Santa Fe, you must visit this place! And when you're there, make sure to open the refrigerator door in the kitchen. 

Mere words aren't enough to describe The House of Eternal Return. We were there with a 3-year-old (who had a blast), but I'd love to go back alone and take my time digging around in the details. 

Difficult to explain this experience. To enjoy, one must have an open mind about what constitutes entertainment. Perhaps it's like being able to sit/lay down in a painting. But, there's activity and "portals" and clues to a vague story. I found it a great way to break up assumptions developed about "reality". Yes, I suppose "an art gallery that puts you in the art.

I told my boyfriend I wanted to go to Meow Wolf for my birthday--so we did. Wow. One of the most amazing places I've ever been. We both loved it and will definitely come again. I think anyone of any age would love the place--except maybe those who can only take so much visual stimulation!

This place is amazing. We had so much fun and we were four adults. Who ever created this master piece is a genius. You can spend more time doing the story and following the clues but we just wandered around. We has so much fun. 

Fantastic Experiential art event.  Promotes thinking, wondering, noticing and imagining.  For ADULTS and kids. Alice in Wonderland-esque.  150 artists participated in the creation of this installation.  You will not finish in one day.....it's titled "The House of Eternal Return".

Sort of spur of the moment decision, decided to visit Meow Wolf, after watching grandson's football game. (Watching 9 and 10 years' old kids play football for the first time, can leave you wanting more.)It was $15 per person (senior discount) plus $1 each for 3-D glasses (recommended). It was Alice down the rabbit hole, Harry Potter housing, and the best of the 1960s all rolled into one. All yr senses are exposed to wildly amazing art, structures, lights, sounds, paintings, electronics, architecture, and so much more. Try to go more than once. (I think they offer memberships and passes). It is great for almost all family members. It can be a bit of sensory overload. A few of the areas can be a little tight but it won't prevent you from experiencing a majority of the area. We saw a lot of families and young people (teens - 20 year old adults). There is a great arts and crafts area for kids with seating for their parents. It's wonderful to have the opportunity for this type art complex nearby and absolutely fits in Santa Fe (the City Different). George R.R. Martin was instrumental in the financing and is supported by the very large art community. Don't miss any opportunity to experience Meow Wolf.

Very interesting and fun! Go in with an open mind and enjoy! I wouldn't suggest dresses for girls and wear shoes you can climb around in. 

Leave your stodgy friends at home and play at this fun, quirky playground!  Surprises await around every corner as you explore a world best described as a dream you would have after following asleep while watching the X-Files and eating brownies...

I've been to Meow Wolf several times with friends and with my Grandson who is 12.  On each occasion we've experienced more and enjoyed it more.  There are things to do, things to see. and puzzles to solve.  I must warn you though, if you're not able to climb, crawl, or bend you won't enjoy the full experience.  Take a date, your kids, your grandkids, your friends.  You'll have a ball.

I'd love to live in the brain of whomever created Meow Wolf for just a day.  What a fun and imaginative activity to do while in Santa Fe.  My children (16 and 13) spent two hours before dinner at Meow Wolf on a Thursday.  This place brought out the inner child in all of us.  We had fun scrambling around through the hidden doorways and other worldly rooms.  Highly recommend!

This was a destination for us on our trip to Santa Fe. We weren't disappointed by the previous goers, who said we needed to visit this place. It has the construction values of Disneyworld, with the  bizarreness for Stanley Kubrick. You just gotta go yourself to see it. 

Being married to an artist (for 43 years) and having many artist friends, this was a 'have to' place for us. Long story short - it was amazing! Works for all ages - from toddler to senior citizen (who might want to forgoe some of the 'lower level' entries). There are many levels to this experience - if you need a thread to follow, there is a story re the house and the rest of the space, but you can enjoy this without the story. Plan to allow at least 2 hours because you have to be inquisitive if you are to experience all that is here - open every door and drawer to see all that this place entails. We went with a friend who has already been here twice, and she saw spaces/rooms that she had not found before. It was very cool inside, so bring a sweater if you come during the warm season. When you pay your entry fee, you get a bracelet so you can leave and return on the same day. When we were there, there were food trucks in the parking lot offering several choices. The staff is very friendly and informative. One of the spaces has vintage video games - lots of music to play on the rib bones of a 'dinosaur' plus lighted mushrooms and columns you can hug and create sound.

An artistic project with a puzzle, mystery theme if you wish to spend the time.  Visually stimulating an intriguing. Hard to describe but we really enjoyed it and would go back again to spend more time on the mystery. The art 'project' fills an old bowling alley and has many twists and turns and places to crawl and climb up and over and through.  The mixed media art of all the spaces is incredible.  We spent two hours and would go back.  They even have a spot for cocktails before or after and have different entertainment venues. I would go on the off days and times. A bit similar to the St. Louis City Museum.

This is an entertaining attraction for science fiction nuts, and anyone else that enjoys a good interactive display or artwork and mystery. It has an almost 'Alice in Wonderland' feel about it although that description doesn't do it justice. It's a self-guided walk through surreal displays of science and your imagination. You can spend as much time as you like exploring hidden doors and passageways in a Victorian-style house with real life characters playing the role(s) of the house inhabitants. Take your time (about 2-3 hrs) .. you wouldn't be disappointed. AND be sure to take the kids!! Our grandkids would have spent the entire day here if we let them.

Meow Wolf is a special place without comparison.  A visit is part dream, part vivid visuals, some expected and some unexpected; and a limitless exploration in a contained space.  Quite feat.  Telling someone what they will see defeats both mission and "truth" in the thing itself.  Adventure is part of it.

Meow Wolf is a place that's hard to explain, and so much better to experience in real life. I went on a night that there was a concert, I couldn't say the band but they were rocking out and people were dancing and enjoying themselves. My friend and I decided to look around the actual installation, which is so great!! There are so many nooks and crannies, hidden entrances and mysteries. There is a whole premise to Meow Wolf, and you can choose to try and solve the mystery or simply wander around the mind-blowing exhibit. I strongly recommend giving yourself time to fully explore and get lost, it's not something you can walk through once and be done with. If you get the chance, repeat visits are strongly suggested! (By me, at least)

Bring the whole family to indulge your senses in an unforgettable experience!It's also a scavenger hunt if you find the clues.

We live on the East Coast and have many attractions available to us in New York City. However, I have to say that this was one of the most unusual museums we've ever visited. It was interesting, entertaining, fun, and extremely creative. Don't miss it!!!

Plan to spend some time here, it takes a long visit or several visits to see all the rooms and all the small details stuff and much of it requires you to have sharp eyes and to explore. One slight negative was that some employees working didn't seem to like their job much. I talking with some I found out they are not paid much despite the rather expensive entrance fee. They also at times seem to allow too many people in at one time and it makes exploring the place difficult when its crowded. Try to visit on non-peak times. 

Our group included a 15 year old, 26 year old, and 47 year old. We all were enthralled. We planned on spending 3 hours, and ended up being there for nearly 8. I recommend that you plan for a full day, at least. Look in the mailbox as soon as you come in, and stop in the living room for some light journal reading clues. Take your time and dig deep. There really is a story here and it is amazing. There was so much to it. I wish that they sold week-long overnight passes, so that I could peruse every room, every piece of paper, every video, and on and on. I was as surprised and delighted as I was the first time that I went to the City Museum in St. Louis. If you love puzzles, looking for clues, and chatting with others on the same mission, you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to go back!!

This is a totally incredible experience whether you are 70 or 7.  The surprise passageways and hidden objects enthrall a 7 year old who rushes from place to place and back again.  Older people stop to listen to videos, pick up " business cards" and call the tel. No.  They answer!  A recorded message helps you on your quest.  A plus is your ticket lets you leave, perhaps for lunch, and return!  Easily can spend hours here.

As you have probably read, this is a true art experience that's as deep as you want it to be. You could make it thru in an hour or spend many hours. It's a seemingly endless series of connected rooms that spring from the initial house you encounter.  If you want to be sleuthy and try to unravel the mystery of what happened to the family and how the house can coexist in two places at once, start with the mailbox outside the house. We had a baby, an 11 year old, and a few adults with us - and I think it says a lot that everyone had a good time. Just a really well done experience that is something you could visit multiple times and still never see or notice it all.  It is worth the time and money. Take photos - they'll be awesome! 

I am an artist and educator. My visit to the Meow Wolf installation blew my mind. Creative, fun, great for families and adults alike, this is a win-win for anyone.  You will not be disappointed. Plan to spend at least two hours, and maybe you'll see all it has to offer...(hint: check out the refrigerator...open the door)! FANTASTIC DAY OUT!

This is great for people under 30.  I never did figure out exactly the concept.  A bit pricey, adults $18.

Since Meow Wolf opened, Santa Fe has gained a much-needed and important new attraction for both tourists and locals alike. Meow Wolf is a visual/auditory/tactile experience wrapped up in a child's fantasy book hooked together with an adult oriented mystery story. This is a great attraction both for art lovers, but also a kick in the pants for those wanting more out of an outing than just a passive museum-type stroll through an exhibit. Highly recommended for wearing out young children, waking up bored teenagers and bringing back child-like wonder in jaded adults. Go!

First thing- plan to spend some time here.  We had no idea what to think, we found this place online and it looked cool.  We were expecting modern art gallery.  What we found was over the top.  We wished we knew more before going so we had ample time.   This place is great on so many levels.  There are secret compartments and rooms so check everyrthing.  The little ones love it for this, all the colors and all of the interactive stuff.  There is a puzzle to solve for the adults- what happened to the family and there are hidden clues and messages throughout.  

You don't want to miss this.  It's really unusual and lots of fun.  Allow an hour or two for your visit.  Great for all ages, but the kids will really get a kick out of this!  

My hubby and I took our two toddlers and we all had a blast! It was so nice not to have to tell them not to touch anything because they want you too. A must see if your in Santa Fe!

AWESOME! Took our 3 yr old and we all loved it. Continuous adventure. Fav thing to do in Santa Fe! Went during work week and it was quiet with great parking. 

It's our fault.  We didn't know what to expect.  We were from out of town.   We heard it was an art exhibition.   We see people walking around and searching for clues.   We didn't know where to start.   Therefore, it looked fun and cool, but my wife and I were totally confused.   =(

Great way to spend couple hours going through all kinds of art but in a totally different way more Hands-On and just plain old fun! 

Have visited three times and find something new each and every time.  Best to visit during the week when the kids are at school. Let your imagination go wild.  Open every door and cabinet even the ones you can't see.  You can easily spend 4-5 hours here but find that after about 3 you get on sensory over-load.  Your arm band is good all day so head out grab a beer and come back.  Become a kid again!!  Look Up and Down and all around.  Find the secret staircase and take a trip through the fireplace.  Be sure to check out the table in the living room and look up at the ceiling.  Watch the kids running around, they can be your best clue for things you are sure to miss.

You can spend a week/weeks exploring the many galleries, concerts, and creative venues in Santa Fe.  Visiting Meow Wolf should be top among them.  It is an experience, not a series of objects, created by many varied artists.  To be prepared, plan on spending at least 2 hours and read the letters in the mailbox after you enter House of Eternal Return.  As you work your way through the rooms, you begin to uncover more of the story.  We found most people going through weren't reading or following the "clues" and they were puzzled about what the purpose was.  Don't just wander, explore.  Hang out in the trippy rooms, the tree house, etc.  This appeals to almost all ages, so there can be kids running through - they love it. There is food to buy at the site, so if you get hungry, but still want to explore, you can eat there or grab a bite elsewhere and re-enter - tickets are good for the day. I went on what would be a slow time on a slow day and it was still packed.

This place is really cool to see, but I fear I am too literal to really get the deeper meaning or not be bored after the first 30 minutes. Love the concept and the portals and such were fun to explore, but it was a little strange. Go if you have time to kill and cash burning a hole in your pocket. It will definitely be something to talk about afterward.

This is an interactive art experience for every age.  Young kids will enjoy touching the exhibit, finding the tree house, and visiting the children's bedrooms.  Adults will enjoy these things too and will be challenged to piece together the story of a family.  The detailed and extensive story to be discovered with multiple visits, but the beauty of this experience is that you can go to Meow Wolf just to enjoy the other-worldliness of the exhibit and the fictional family who lived in the house and disappeared.  Don't miss the laser room (ask one of the Agents for help finding it if you don't located it).

you can roam around the installations and follow odd shaped doors and staircases.  Some look quite unique to keep someone interested during the first visit. 

Yes, Meow Wolf is a very original idea, but we had higher expectations.  The laser light room and the underwater rooms were the best, but other rooms were below-average, cheap and unimaginative! We checked out every room and spent over two hours, but really weren't very impressed.  You've got a lot of potential, but it needs more work.

This is a place to visit once. It is really different with many rooms that hold mind bending experiences. Secret passages, wild lighting and things to touch. Walk through a refrigerator door and you are in another room of weird things. I did find it difficult to wander and explore when running into small children so I believe they need adult only hours. However, it is the latest happening thing to do in Santa Fe. I cannot recall being anywhere or in anything like this before in our travels. 

We spent two hours here on a trip to Santa Fe.  It's absolutely amazing.  You enter into a Victorian House and from there you can enter all kinds of trippy spaces that go on forever.  There is a "riddle" about the experience and you can open all of the drawers and look at photo albums and try to figure out the riddle.  Or you can just wander around the many spaces trying to take in all the detail.  This is a great experience for older kids and teenagers.  It's not scary and nothing jumps out at you - it's just room after room of great art.

What an amazing fun filled, weird, eclectic, surprising, creative place!  We're over 60 and had so much fun going through the rooms and various levels and sensory experiences.  We couldn't help pointing out to each other all of the discoveries that we could find, and I expect we didn't see all 70 rooms.  If you want adventure whether as a couple, family, solo this is a MUST EXPERIENCE if in Santa Fe "The City Different".  For once, their city motto apply applies.  Be sure to check their web site and/or advice on when to visit so it's not too crowded.  Get prepared to be amazed!

Was blown away by this walk through creative exhibit. Hard to describe, but highly recommend you see it yourself! My teenage daughter was thrilled, and we spent several enjoyable hours exploring all the corners.  Amazingly detailed, and a wonderful experience! Wear comfortable shoes and be prepared to move.

So much fun!  We spent two hours there and could have stayed all day. What a great place for kids of all ages.  

I can't say enough good things about this place. It's so amazing! If you love secret doors and mystery you too will love it. The creativity that went into creating such a massive space and the thought put into connecting all these wicked art installations into a semi-cohesive experience. Top-notch! Psychedelics would only help make this experience better.

Put on your curiosity hat and go explore.  A sensory explosion that any kid (even those at heart) would enjoy.  We spent 4 hours there and had a blast!

What a great place, what a great concept.  Meow Wolf is an awesome sensory experience. We went with friends and could have spent a couple of hours more.  Quite a bit of creative genius at work here.  Highly recommend going here.

I visited Meow Wolf when I was in Santa Fe in August and found it to be a fun experience.  It took me back to my younger days when I enjoyed going through fun houses and haunted houses.  There's very unusual art to see and lots of neon and laser lights throughout.  I think it would be a fun place for kids too.  

A ten yr old we were with insisted on going.. We really didn't know what to expect! We were surprised how much we enjoyed it., best way to describe it it's like walking through a combination of willy wonka and beetle juice! Prepare to crawl climb and wind your way through the twisted  of pop culture!

Well, after hearing so much about this place since it opened this year, I was so thrilled to finally get there!What an amazing space and amazing concept!  It's brilliant.   The multitude of artists have created a fantasy world with a great deal of mystery and  saturated it with  profound philosophical undertones.   Which if you are not a heavy thinker you could also just ignore lol.  I don't want to give too much away, except to say that the experience is so exciting and FUN, and you have never experienced anything like this.The admission might seem a little high but if you can exit and re- enter any time during the day on your admission price.Definitely worth doing.I took a star off because the one negative was that it was a little to crowded for me to fully embrace the experience and study the "scene of the crime" as I would have liked.  It's sort of an escape room without the need to physically escape.

Don't want to give anything away - so I'll just say give yourself at least 2 hours to explore and enjoy. Whomever dreamed and built this is brilliant! Fun for all ages young and old. Touch everything! 

Heard about this from sister-in-law. Great fun for all ages! This is like Alice in Wonderland. Something strange has happened in this house and you are to figure out what (we didn't). When the folks at the front desk tell you to open everything and handle everything,  take them at their word. Fun and fantastic things can be found via the refrigerator, fireplace and closet doors. Take a little time to read the paper in the kitchen and the notebooks in the kids' rooms. The sensory experience is amazing. The artwork is fanciful and loads of fun, too. Plan to spend three or four hours, at least, to get the full experience. Enjoy- we sure did!

Meow wolf is for people who don't know they love art. It's weird and quirky! My 2 year old had a blast exploring the many many rooms. You can easily spend 3 hours or more exploring every room in this house. We went in Feb and again in Aug and found new things Both times. Go with good walking shoes, there are places to sit but much walking and climbing will be required. 

Hard to describe other then "A MUST DO"!!!!!! Strangely fantastic. Our kids loved it and do did we. I've never experienced anything like it that I'll admit too! Lots of strange laughs. And the creation of great conversation at dinner. 

As a Santa Fe local - born and raised - I've been to more than my fair share of "creative" art installations.  However, nothing I've been to - anywhere in the world - has done as amazing a job of being able to captivate anyone of any age group or background as well as meow wolf. I find it hard to believe anyone could come away from this exhibit with a cynical view of what this artist coalition created. Immensely fascinating and entertaining.  

Located in Santa Fe's midtown area - the "innovation district", Meow Wolf is a far out, psychedelic art installation in a 20,000 square foot converted bowling alley.  Over 100 artists contributed to this environment, which does have a narrative if you want to follow it...but you don't have to.  $18 for adults, $12 for kids, free for 3 & under.What's it like???  Imagine walking into HR Puffinstuff or Peewee's Playhouse with a slightly dark edge...This is a great activity in the evening if you are visiting, because most things in Santa Fe close early.  Meow Wolf is open til 8 during the week (closed Tues) and til 10 on the weekend.My 4 kids (age range 14-22) and my husband and I LOVED Meow Wolf.  We spent 3 hours just wandering around the space.  I'm a huge fan of EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE - and I see their influence in different areas...so fun!  There were lots of school aged kids running around in here exploring...very fun for them!Very cool as well - Meow Wolf is a music venue sometimes.  DJs come play, as do bands.  There's an open space where they can perform.  Keep your eye out for events!Strange and delightful - my creative battery is definitely charged!

Bring the family or just come on your own. This art house has something for everyone, you just have to be brave and discover what it is all about. Do give yourself a couple of hours to totally enjoy all that Meow Wolf has to offer! 

Some of my family had already been here, so we got a bit of an explanation before we went, which helped. You don't want to have the experience ruined by knowing too much, but it does help to know what to look for. There are two levels (at least) for visitors. Adults may want to solve the mystery that starts by looking in the mailbox at the "house" where you arrive. Kids just love to wander around and touch everything. This place is definitely great for touching! My favorite room was the one with laser lights that acted like a harp. You really felt there were real strings, but you just touch the lights to get sound. Be aware that there are areas that require a little dexterity to get in, though you can usually get around it.

It is hard to put into words the experience of this place!  It is fun for all ages.  It is kind of a fun house made by artists.  You crawl through fireplaces, refrigerators, and many other surprising things.  Kids would love this.

Make sure you play around with the art! The more involved you get the more fun you will have. This is a really neat place to stop!

All I must say is some people are very artistic and have a lot of time on their hands lol. If this was Halloween omg this place would be beyond awesome. It is a concept that I have never seen in all my travels and I visited here twice just to make sure I fully saw everything in this massive building that used to be a bowling ally.

Meow Wolf is a crazy mixture of museum, art installations, hands-on interactive experience and generally very cool place to explore and hang out. They also run programs in art making and host theatrical plays and other performances. It is fun and very unique.

Meow Wolf is an interactive experience - choosing your path through the "house" and touching certain art / displays / set pieces will cause them to light up or create sound. Walk through the exhibit that has many twists and turns.  Wear comfortable shoes and clothing as there are stairs and ladder step options plus ducking under and through passageways.  

Meow Wolf was beyond amazing. It far exceeded my expectations! I had an 8 and 10 year old with me and we all loved it but I think it is perfect for anything age. I will visit every time we are in Santa Fe. 

This place is amazing!! Lots of creativity!! If your in santa fe you must see this place. You will be able to use your imagination!!

This is one of the most unique places that I have been to.  Very interactive, lots to explore.  There is a detailed story behind it all that takes lots of time to follow up on if you want to.  I saw some people working on discovering the story behind it all.  Most people just walked through and enjoyed looking at everything.  It is definitely fun.  Children enjoyed the exhibit as much as adults.  

From the first moment you enter the complex (a real complex complex) you find yourself in a state of confusion.  With every turn and twist there is something to touch, read, climb, sit and visuals that are far out (60s term).  The artists that made all the vignettes had some really Alice in Wonderland inspirations.  I met a man about my age, (70+) that has been in this compendium of mazes four times and is still experiencing new things.  I can't wait to go back and see if this holds true with my wife and me.  Have a ball and bring a camera with lots of battery life.  It's really an experience!

Whatever you do, don't miss Meow Wolf!!  It is absolutely the best 2 hours I have spent in a long, long time!  You will not regret it!

A living hands on art museum, filled by mystical lighting, music and sounds; fueled by a mystery everyone wants to solve. You walk upstairs and downstairs, through closets, fireplace and refrigerator. There are hidden corners to sit and ponder; and rocks that play music. All of your senses will vibrate in wonder. Expect to spend at least 2 hours there. But you could spend days!!!  Wear comfortable clothes and shoes.

So glad a friend told us about this place. We loved exploring all the rooms and especially the secret doors and passages. Each room was interesting. We didn't take part in the mystery story line. That would be fun with older kids and/or a second visit.It wasn't cheap to get in but if you have a couple of hours in Santa Fe and are up for an adventure we really recommend it.

It was like going down the rabbit hole in Alice and Wonderland. Great for ages 2 through 90. One of the big successes of Meow Wolf is that it is perfect for families everyone will enjoy it and it brings your entire group together for several hours away from cell phones and other distractions.  It's about the price of a movie so everyone can afford it. You have to touch everything and open every drawer look behind every door and my favorite was that it's so tactile. 

I experienced Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return for the first time with my out-of-state sister and her two granddaughters, ages 8 and 11.  We all loved it!  It's hard to describe, unlike anything I've ever seen or even imagined.  Highly recommended for all ages--though some parts may be difficult for those with mobility problems.

This is a great place in Santa Fe to spend an afternoon.  It's interesting and unique.  Saw children of all ages around, but was completely surprised at how much fun my teenage son had.  Highly recommend to those travelers looking for something different to do in the City Different!

This place was a blast for the whole family, ranging in age from 3 up to 70. We went on a Thursday morning and it wasn't crowded. We were entertained for hours and basically made a day of it.  Plenty of good food trucks outside, so you can just pop out to the parking lot for lunch.

Simply mind shattering. Some people will say it's just for kids, but the truth is that we are all still kids at heart, and if you haven't completely smothered your inner child with a thick shell of egoic adult role identification, this place will change you. I walked around for several hours gawking and giggling like an idiot, a new thrill around every corner. I walked into a refrigerator. I played music on laser beams. I forgot about everything going on in my life and in the outside world and basked in the spirit of pure imagination and awe. If you are at all considering a visit, stop thinking about it, and just go.

We went here three kids 1,3 and 5 this place is awesome for kids young and old. There are secret passages and so many different ways to go to the next place. The admission was a smidge high but well worth it.  I will say you will be climbing up down and squeezing thru small passages.  The place is dark and lit up. My kids had a blast and its air conditioned.  

The two of us (at age 69) thoroughly enjoyed this distinctive art installation of color, sound, light, secret doorways and walkways, working laptops and desktops, spiral staircases, insect displays, multilayer videos, luminescent paint and animal skeletons, interspersed with comfortable seats, couches, pillow piles, and old photographs, all supplemented under the same roof by the Santa Fe Makerspace, and punctuated with the constant laughter and high-pitched commentary of young children. 

We first visited here around 6 months after they opened. It was still packed (granted it was a Saturday). All I can really say is that this is an experience, and one that is what you make of it. It is an old bowling alley with an interactive art experience that tells a story if you look for clues. There are infinite selfie and intstagram opportunities to make your friends jealous. I've only been once, but I suspect it will take at least a couple visits to really "get it'. Though that's not to say if you don't have the opportunity for multiple, don't come you definitely should. What Meow Wolf provides is something not common anymore, a unique experience hard to find elsewhere. It doesn't spoon feed you the experience. You'll have to work for it a little bit. Definitely leave yourself some time, 2-3 hours at least. I'm in my mid-thirties and thoroughly enjoyed my visit, but I saw younger kids and older adults enjoying themselves. If you want an activity off the beaten path, definitely come by.

Secret passages, creative use of materials and sounds and repurposed recognizable items - what fun!  Lots to see and do for visitors and artists of all ages!

LOVED this place. I'm 19 and my friend is 22 and both of us had a blast; there's something interesting for all ages. Someone pulled the fire alarm while we were there and I think a lot of us thought it was a part of the exhibit, that's how bizarre it is - even despite that hiccup it was one of my favorite experiences while travelling. Definitely check it out if you're in Santa Fe!

My granddaughter loved trying to figure out the mystery.   I had no clue.  The rooms were very unusual and colorful.  You have to visit it more than once.  the concept was good but the clues were hard to find.   Young adults love the place and the younger ones love the different rooms.

My boyfriend and I LOVED it! Theres an ENDLESS amount of rooms and things to do. Such a unique and entertaining place to be!

This is definitely a kids' place. We left feeling a little dizzy. Clever, unique, fine to see once. Once is enough for me. 

Not really knowing what to expect, Meow Wolf was a fascinating discovery/trip!  Misclassified by TA, should be in "Things to Do."  Mystery, intrigue and surprise are constants. Not to be missed! You won't be disappointed. 

There are so many different levels to this adventure.  We went just to "look", and were bedazzled by the lights, art, creativity, and sensory experiences.  I felt like I was in Alice in Wonderland the whole time I was there.  We were six adults experiencing a second childhood!

Few expectations going in and so we were in for a treat.  This place is amazing with so much attention to detail.  Lots of fun to explore.  Kind of like an escape room on steriods.  Will be hard to take my kids to a normal art gallery after this experience!  

As a baby boomer the title is my initial reaction to Meow Wolf.  Great fun but I suggest going when it is not crazy busy in order to enjoy the details of which there are many.  Never have seen anything like this before.  My young adult daughter said that every time you visit you can piece together more of the "story".  

What an excellent experience.  So crazy, so colorful, so unique. I highly recommend this attraction to anyone visiting Santa Fe.  It's one of a kind.

If you want a Beetlejuice meets Pee-Wee's Playhouse meets Harry Potter meets Star Trek, boy... is this the place for you. Talk about feeling like a kid again. We spent hours roaming this vast installation, working on the clues, exploring portals to other dimensions.... well..... you just have to go.

We thought it was an art thing, I guess some of it was, but mainly it was like a carnival for kids. Not fun for older adults. Enjoyed the colorful underwater hall. Wish there were explanations of the creations, might have made it more artistic. Seemed pricey for us since we only spent maybe 20 minutes inside. Very crowded.

Absolutely worth the price of admission.  The installations and creativity are brilliant - so much fun! Singles, Couples, families and friends will all enjoy this venue.  I suggest mixing some of their awesome entertainment with a tour for a fantastic night!

I wish we had something like this back home. My children enjoyed the "crazy cool theme" all around. Reminded me of "alice in wonderland" type if theme. They enjoyed it a lot! Especially the part where a refrigerator door leads you to a different room! It took a lot of imagination to build this place! We enjoyed the old school arcades! We stayed there a moment. The house was pretty cool too. My kids want us to decorate the house that way. Ha! 

It's a bit of a living Terry Gilliam-meets-Dr Seuss thingy that made me feel like a child, wandering through my imagination again. Go.

lots written about Meow Wolf and all is deserved - just a wonderful - if much too busy most of the time - place to spend a couple of hours with a collective imagination - overwhelmed with kids in the summer  - wait until a Fall weekday to go - but all of what they wanted to do and more. Becoming a "destination" for sure and deservedly. Art? Play? Stoner hangout? Creative? Imaginative?  Yes, all of that. 'Don't miss it. The "special" glasses didn't do much for us but the 10yo grandson loved them and wears them around the house. 

If you know what it feels like to wake to fresh snow on Christmas morning or stand on the field at Balloon Fiesta watching special shapes launch, then you get the child-like wonder you're sure to experience at MeowWolf. This clever, whimsical, even eerie-creepy art installation is interactive, sense-charging, and creatively inspiring. I could detail aspects, but feel it would require a spoiler alert; it's better to experience it firsthand. This already brilliant concept could perhaps be improved by making the mystery story aspect more coherent, with clues that are better plotted and less time consuming (e.g.reading journal entries); there could even be multiple stories and levels (kids/adults) as an additional way to experience the installation (maybe using tech like iPads...sort of like museums use headsets to guide visitors through another layer of exhibit experience). Food trucks outside are an added bonus.

A new one to add to the must see list when visiting Santa Fe. Avoid peak hours due to crowds!  This place is unique and really cool. I have gone with other adults, my teenage students, and kids.Everyone loves this place! 

All the other reviewers are correct.  It is well worth visiting Meow Wolf, especially for those who can appreciate the effort and creativity that went into it.   There is an underlying mystery to solve, but I met someone with a season pass to the place, and he said he is only about a third of the way to solving it.  Doesn't matter.  Still completely fun without having to be a detective.

Meow Wolf is an avant-garde art installation, updated version of the old-fashioned fun house, multi-level playpen, sound and light immersion, and delight for both adults and children.  Among the highlights: a fireplace you can crawl through to reach another world, a mastodon skeleton you can play like a marimba, a brilliantly colored coral reef you can walk through, and a whimsical replica of a Mendocino Victorian home.It’s crowded, but you have to experience Meow Wolf.  There’s nothing like it.  Anywhere.

I described this to friends as part art, part jungle gym, part children's interactive museum and part story. We barely even got into the story and loved every second of our visit. Best money we spent on an activity in Santa Fe! 

Meow Wolf is one of the most interesting interactive museums I've ever been to.  So many things to look at, touch and be a part of.  When I went in the morning it wasn't real crowded but by the time I was leaving in the afternoon, the line to get in was almost out the door.  I recommend this to families since it seemed kids were having a blast.  Even older adults were having a great time checking out the displays, doing the hand on items and even sitting down and ready books that were in many of the displays.  I had a great time and was surprisingly entertained.

Wow! This place is truly mind blowing. There is so much to see, touch, hear, watch, explore, observe, interact with. We were fully engaged, meandering through the multisensory spaces, for about 2 1/2 hours. Could have taken much longer if we had watched all the videos, read documents, etc. There is a story to be uncovered if you have the time and the patience. The vision for Meow Wolf and the logistics of bringing it to fruition are astounding. We visited on a Sunday mid-day and knew it would be crowded. And, yeah, it was jam packed. Would definitely have liked a little more breathing room to move freely through the spaces. Loved the live cellist and the laser/fog room the most. Apparently, they also have live music performances, which would be a lot of fun!

Gonna be my favorite place on the trip. Talk about warped reality. Something you can't describe. Must experience for your self. I loved it. 

This place is worthy of every bit of praise it gets. I'm so glad we visited. Like other reviews, it is true that it is hard to describe. Take the plunge and go! You will not be disappointed.

This is a hands on art gallery.  It is great for all ages.  As you walk through you get to experience a mystery as well as modern different art. Make sure you walk through every secret passage 

Everyone raves about Meow Wolf but no one could tell me what it is. After visiting with our 9-year-old grandson, I know why. It is kind of a fun house, but much more fun. At first it's like exploring a life-sized Victorian dollhouse with a few quirky things in the numerous rooms. But each time we'd go into a closet, the refrigerator, or other opening, it was like going through a portal to a different dimension. The new worlds were fantastic or funky or freaky but never frightening. George RR Martin of Game of Thrones fame outdid himself with creativity and fun.

My husband and I went a few months ago....am dying to go back. They give you an all all day bracelet, but we could only spend an hour and a half. I THOUGHT I saw everything. I didn't. Anyway...I went because I thought it was going to be some fancy gallery with amazing art...I'd seen pictures...but what I got threw me for a loop. After the first few minutes in one room..I realized...THIS IS A STORY! I'm not going to spoil your discoveries, so I'm just going to say that I love that sare people (Meow Wolf) are not afraid to create something like this and not dumb it down. It was like discovering another great TV show, only you're walking thru it and making your own discoveries.

Really. I don't care your age you must experience this magical place. Words are not adequate. Wear comfortable pants and shoes as there will be opportunities to crawl into "forts." I wish we had brought a game so that we could just sit and play in some of the spaces. This would be a great 4th or 5th date. Do not die without having this experience. This would be challenging for someone extremely out of shape or over weight. There are trailers for some food before or after. There is no food or water inside. You will not be able to get back in if you have to use the rest rooms so go before you go in and don't have a lot to drink. 

SO much  fun! It's art...it's a fun-house...it's sensory...it's a mystery! I have a disability and was worried when I heard about "crawling, climbing, etc", but did not need to worry at all. You walk around at your own pace and can take as long as you want. Every room has two or more ways to get out of it and see different things, and you can alway circle around if there's something that seems intimidating. You could go back several times and still not see everything. I can't wait to go again!

This place was absolutely amazing. So creative. People had recommended we take the kids there when visiting SF. Read the reviews, looked at the website, sounded intriguing. It did not disappoint. It was like stepping in to a dream world. My kids are 7 and 13. The 7 year old wanted to move through quickly and explore, we had to keep up with her so as not to lose her. The 13 year old and I read through more of the clues (like others said read everything: the mail, the newspapers on the kitchen table, notes around the house) to piece together the story of the family who lived in the house. The little one would sometimes get impatient with us. Go through every door, crawl space, explore every nook and cranny. Something for everyone and all ages: kids to adults. And when you get tired you can pick a comfortable spot and rest. Grandma, who came with us, would learn stuff just by sitting for a while and watching a video or seeing what something would do if you sat and waited patiently. You can also figure out a lot from watching and listening to the other people exploring the house. In that sense it's even more interactive. We went on a Wednesday afternoon. There was a short line to get in. It  was busy, but not so crowded that it was unenjoyable. Wristbands are good for entrance and re-entrance until it closes. You can go outside to the food trucks or the cafe in the lobby to have a snack, rest, and then go back in. I liked the idea of the workshop (in the front lobby) for members with all kinds of machinery for people to make their own projects. Way to make some really expensive tools accessible to more people.Absolutely amazing place. Could go back again and again and surely find/learn something different. I hope Meow Wolf continues to do well and is around for a long time.

I don't even know how to describe this place. Just go! It is great fun. Take the kids. This is a two or three hour bit of interesting weirdness that has something for everyone. Even the trip to the bathroom was cool!

We didn't take children, but if you have them you should!  But if you don't have children don't let that stop you. This is one of the most creative experiences we've had anywhere. I won't spoil it by writing too much because it's just a you-gotta-experience-it-yourself kind of place. Just go. But try to be there at opening (10:00) because it does get busy. Take the kids.

This place was absolutely amazing. So creative. People had recommended we take the kids there when visiting SF. Read the reviews, looked at the website, sounded intriguing. It did not disappoint. It was like stepping in to a dream world. My kids are 7 and 13. The 7 year old wanted to move through quickly and explore, we had to keep up with her so as not to lose her. The 13 year old and I read through more of the clues (like others said read everything: the mail, the newspapers on the kitchen table, notes around the house) to piece together the story of the family who lived in the house. The little one would sometimes get impatient with us. Go through every door, crawl space, explore every nook and cranny. Something for everyone and all ages: kids to adults. And when you get tired you can pick a comfortable spot and rest. Grandma, who came with us, would learn stuff just by sitting for a while and watching a video or seeing what something would do if you sat and waited patiently. You can also figure out a lot from watching and listening to the other people exploring the house. In that sense it's even more interactive. We went on a Wednesday afternoon. There was a short line to get in. It  was busy, but not so crowded that it was unenjoyable. Wristbands are good for entrance and re-entrance until it closes. You can go outside to the food trucks or the cafe in the lobby to have a snack, rest, and then go back in. I liked the idea of the workshop (in the front lobby) for members with all kinds of machinery for people to make their own projects. Way to make some really expensive tools accessible to more people.Absolutely amazing place. Could go back again and again and surely find/learn something different. I hope Meow Wolf continues to do well and is around for a long time.

I don't even know how to describe this place. Just go! It is great fun. Take the kids. This is a two or three hour bit of interesting weirdness that has something for everyone. Even the trip to the bathroom was cool!

We didn't take children, but if you have them you should!  But if you don't have children don't let that stop you. This is one of the most creative experiences we've had anywhere. I won't spoil it by writing too much because it's just a you-gotta-experience-it-yourself kind of place. Just go. But try to be there at opening (10:00) because it does get busy. Take the kids.

Meow Wolf is an incredible non-linear mystery inside an interactive art installation.  We spent almost 4 hours exploring and trying to piece together the story.  It's difficult to describe or explain, but well worth the cost.  We were enraptured and dazzled.  We will definitely return on our next trip through New Mexico.

We went with a family group of 12 ranging in age from 80 to 5.  All enjoyed the experience.   We did not get into the mystery or treating it as an art exhibit just enjoyed the sensory experience.   Best time was had by the 5 year old who really enjoyed exploring.   Can get crowded and has lots of kids.  

This is the most amazing unique museum if you want to call it that. It's like a creative experience and we had a blast. They have a permanent exhibit there plus it's a space for music too. From little kids to teens to adults, it's awesome. Don't want to give away too much but someone said its like Pee Wee's playhouse times 10. Make sure you don't go on Tuesdays because they're closed and always check their Facebook page to make sure there is no other event scheduled the day you go. 

Everyone involved in creating Meow Wolf should be extremely proud of what they accomplished! The creativity was astonishing, there was great music the night we were there, the staff was great. This is truly a playground for adults!

Mind blowing!  Go through time and space into a magical portal of imagination, colors, sounds, patterns, tunnels, lights and vibrations.  A MUST GO when in Santa Fe.

Had to park down the street and wait in line which should be expected in Santa on a Saturday. First time to visit MEOW WOLF and we absolutely loved it!! Can't wait to visit again! Taco truck was perfect as well!! 

Crazy crazy crazy visual delight. Fun for all ages, but can get crowded with children. We went around dinnertime, so it wasn't too bad. Interactive blast, and eye popping creative play. It has only been open for a few months and I can see a lot of wear and tear already, just hoping they have a huge amazing maintenance staff. Would be a shame if it isn't maintained. Would love to see more outside works as well. It can become a visual overload inside. Go well rested cause it does visually and physically wipe ya out. In the best way. 

I had wanted to go to Meow Wolf ever since it opened.  Finally , because I had someone visiting who I thought might appreciate it, we went.  Wow!  How can one explain this wonderful creative endeavor?  We did the House of Eternal Return.  Being a local, I kept reading over the year how it was being developed.  My visiting friend and I both are academics.  We anxiously looked for labels to exhibits.  Where is the information! We want to read about it as we do the walk through.  Wrong!As I observed the various people with us on our visit, and after determining there were no labels/reading material, I realized you just do it!  Watching the children, especially the 6-12 year olds, I realized their advantage.  They didn't need, could care less about text to explain the exhibits.  Once my friend and I got past the lack of written "stuff" we just plowed in to enjoying this creative playground.   We did ponder how the many artists worked to bring this into reality.  Having some creative people in my family, I could only imagine how they would react.  Free to dream, create, just did it.I have given no specifics of various exhibits nor the other features related to this place; I'm sure others have or will.  My message is in my opinion , the best way to get the most from your visit!I'm pushing 83 ; what joy I had freeing myself to "just doing it"!

This massive, explorable indoor art-installation/playground/??? defies easy description. The pictures don't do it justice. What it essentially is is a staggering, skillfully constructed set of interactive environments and structures: each one unique yet each, somehow, contributing to the overall ambiance of the place.Meow Wolf is successful for the same reason most major art exhibits/installations are: it's accessible to almost anyone at any age on a number of levels. Children and teens will love the playful ambience and free sense of physical exploration. Adults will appreciate the staggering craft that went into making it and the winking sense of mystery it invokes so well. George R.R. Martin (yes, the 'Game of Thrones' book writer) a local, owns the building it's in. It's a pleasure to see someone investing in their own community in an original way which nearly anyone can enjoy. It's worth every penny of the $18 entry fee, and more, and you can spend as much time inside as you want. (Fair warning: block out a minimum of 2 hours, you and your kids will probably want to stay longer than that).If you get hungry, there are usually several very good local food trucks parked outside.Be advised, this is an interactive, playful environment by intention. If you want quiet and solemnity and not many children, stick with a conventional museum or gallery. But trust me, I've seen almost every major museum in the western hemisphere, for sheer enjoyment, this mops the floor with nearly all of them.

Go early because it gets busy: line starts at 9:45. Take your time and explore each room, and really take in each of the 70 "rooms". It's an amazing experience and should not be rushed! Spent 2 hours with family ranging  ages 12-50. Best thing to do in Santa Fe!!

The price of admission is a little high, and costs a lot when you're bringing a family of 4 or a group. It is a unique experience, and worth checking out at least once. Too many people really diminish the experience, and I would recommend going during an off day, or non-peak times of the year to really get your money's worth.

Immerse yourself in an art experience, it's like you are an investigator in a sci-fi novel uncovering strange transdimensional happenings. Check it out!

My 20 yr old and 12 yr old loved it. However, beware there is some content not really appropriate for young kids. All my son could talk about was running out of the room with naked people on tv in it. 

Crazy wild and fun experience going here! Plan at least 2 hours to get an idea of the whole place.... probably more time to actually understand it.

Mindblowing. Awesome. The best thing in Santa Fe to do with your whole family and friends and everyone you know. Just go, you won't regret it, I promise!

This place is amazing! We went for 3 hours in the morning and returned in the evening for another 2 hours. I could go back again and again (Thus the name 'The House of Eternal Return') You have never experienced anything like it. Amazing! Psychedelic! Great for all ages! This is a must see and worth a trip just to visit here! 

This place was super cool!  Definitely a fun experience for adults and olders kids, but we also  brought 4 & 5 year olds.  It was a bit much trying to keep track of them in the dark, crowded rooms.  Everyone loved it, but it was hard to explore with younger kids.  I will be going back.

A strange, but somewhat fun experience.  Kinda costly to get in, but it's the type of place I'd only visit once anyway.  Spent 1.5 hours there and still not sure what mystery I was supposed to be figuring out.  This is not the type of place for those who have difficulty walking and maneuvering about.  Lots of areas involve climbing, bending over, etc.  The place was packed, and I mean PACKED, with little kids (we saw several school buses in the parking lot) which made it not-so-great.  They really should have a limit as to the number of people admitted.  It was so crowded that we really couldn't enjoy the experience as much as we should have.  Overpriced gift shop and restrooms that were located down a very long hallway.  Meh.

this is a great place for all and you can enjoy for a couple of hours or all day, lots of spaces to enjoy and relax or explore and the kids can entertain themselves here.   

This is a psychedelic experience that will engage kids for hours. Reminds one of the 60's (if you were there) Not so interesting for adults - especially seniors. There are two floors, each containing several rooms and open areas that are filled with secret passageways and a variety of colorful images. There are also interactive displays that please the eye and ear. Stairways between floors limit access to anyone who has trouble walking. Entrance fees are a bit steep for those on a budget ($20 for adults not from New Mexico/$15 for NM adults)

Meow Wolf is hands down the most amazing man made experience I've ever experienced... Jaw dropping fun!  I have been to museums all over the world, and this is the most Unique of them all!  My (adult) daughter Saïd iT reminders her of Burning Man at night.

Bought an annual pass to go again and again!  New things each visit- kids get lost in the story line.

Step into parallel worlds of imagination and wonder. This truly is more an experience than just a museum. There is so much to see that if you go on a crowded day, like I did ( a Monday, summer, height  of tourist season) you will miss so many cool details (again, like I did:  the eyeballs, the toilet). I look forward to seeing a live performance there and am excited for the proposed tap room!!Afterwards we had dinner at India House, down/up? the street. That too was excellent!!

There is something here for every age.  A family of five can spend a wonderful 2 hours and want to come back the next day.  The adults will lose the kids, but that is OK if you have a meeting point and there are plenty of supervisors to remind them of the rules.  There are many, many rooms to explore.  Light, audio and video are all part of the mix of experiences blended with things to touch, watch, and wonder about.  Then there is the back story of a family that lived in a two story house you visit, but mysteriously vanished leaving behind their clothes, clutter and pictures.  When you leave the house, you can enter vacation destinations through a refrigerator door or into the land of mammoths through a fireplace.  You will find your favorite spaces to come back to.  Take comfortable shoes, because you will want to go up and down ladders safely and easily.  Try low light photography to get better reflection of the mood of the spaces.  Use flash where you just want the details.  Sit in one of the many places where you can observe the people and soak in the scene at hand.  But, just enjoy it for what it is and reflect on the magic later.

A lot of fun - so much to see, you actually won't know what you missed there are so many secret doors and windows to go through. Bring your kids - it's a real adventure - a lot of fun.

This place is pretty awesome! We got there about 20 minutes before 10am opening and I'm glad we did...there was already a line of people! And when we left the line was so long! My 7 year old really enjoyed it also, although I didn't get to thoroughly look at the rooms because he was so excited to see what was next. I'm sure he will want to go back, but I don't think it's something we will do more than maybe twice.

Just go see it. I can tell you that we visited with adult kids and grandkids and everyone from the 2 year old to the seniors was fascinated and entertained. It is just a delight to experience how clever and creative people can be. No spoiler alert!

It's an adventure wandering through this maze of fantasy rooms. Your imagination gets so fired up that you can easily forget about solving any mystery. But, don't worry, it doesn't matter. Fun for everyone.

Wonderful museum to add to the collection of museums in this great art city.  Here, fantasy reigns.  One can enjoy it on many different levels so don't check your brain at the door.  

If you can duplicate this experience (or even come close), you are a superstar.  This is an amazing experience...its like being in a Scooby Doo episode that was wrapped in an issue of Juxtapoz.  Its as cerebral as you want it to be...from an immersive high art experience to an interactive theme park/haunted house type experience.  Whether you care about the art or not, its fun.  Its truly mind boggling that they were able to pull this off.  Kudos to Meow Wolf.

This place is so unique, and hard to describe. It's like a mashup of Pee Wee's Playhouse, Burning Man, Disneyland, and a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure book, expressed in the form of an art museum/playground/music venue/workshop. You can explore it as just a fun playground to climb through, or put your detective hat on and take the time to investigate the mysterious narrative that ties everything together. I would recommend giving yourself between 2-4 hours to explore...

This is a must!  It's like being in a dream and you feel like Alice in Wonderland as you climb, crawl, and discover every inch of this unique "house"!  

I went with my husband and my two sons - aged 21 and 17.  We all loved it - particularly the boys.  Loved the unexpectedness of the whole thing - not knowing what would be round the next corner, up an alley, in a cupboard, down stairs...  No set route and lots to discover.  Very clever.  Thanks....

I think all the reviews below are spot on. This venue is funky, colorful and just plain fun. Expect to spend a couple of hours wandering around trying to figure out if you've seen everything. Open every door and cabinet you see, there's no telling what's going to be behind it. The grand kids liked the refrigerator and toilet. I thought the Japan room with the laser harp  was very cool. Excellent way to spend a couple hours in Santa Fe. It sure beats trinket shopping around the plaza. 

Meow Wolf is such a mixture of so many things I am not sure what to call it other than an experience.  I THINK it is a collection of out of this world objects but I THINK  it is also a puzzle to be solved.  Best if enjoyed with a group. 

After lots of people saying to go here and reading a review or two - our intrepid gang set off ! Ok - so no matter what you read - you won't be prepared for this place!! :) It's huge and mind blowing with amazing works of art in all media - with some underling mystery puzzle story that ties it together - well maybe. I never did solve the puzzle but had a great time trying to and just exploring the vast array of talent on display! We had a blast!! And - Duel Brewing is only a block away for after wards to let your mind calm down over some great beer! :)

Creative, innovative art installation. Funded by author of Game of Thrones author, this interactive art space reminded me of exhibits from Seattle and San Francisco. Could only be improved by being less crowded, but artistic level was on point. Very 3D. My favourite part was the refrigerator (I won't ruin the surprise; go check it out!)

WOW!  There is no other place like this in the world.  Different levels of consciousness and different dimensions make for a surrealistic experience.  Everyone in the place was totally engaged in the artwork and multi-sensory extravaganza. There was one wonderful and unpredictable surprise after another.  It was a great afternoon and a great value for the price.

Imagine yourself in a home with different dimensions.  You can walk through a refrigerator to explore a different world or look for clues to find out what happened to the family who once lived there.  This is a cross between the twilight zone and another world.  The artists who created it are young people with a vision.  Do not expect tremendous sophistication, but do not judge....just explore this creative venue with an open mind and bring the kids or your inner kid!

This is a not to be missed stop while in Santa Fe.  Great for kids of all ages.  A fun way to spend an afternoon wondering in and through a fictitious family's home and their dreams.  A whacky, fun time to be had

Perfect interaction museum for kids.  There are hidden passages everywhere.  You walk thru a wall, crawl thru the fireplace or walk thru the refrigerator.  You enter a space where kids can climb on art work and touch everything.    

I am not gonna say anything about what you will experience, just that you must go and have this experience.  I had no clue what was up with such a fru fru  art instillation, was poo pooing it, until I actually went. I was sooo wrong. Just go and you will thank me.

We went for the Art and kept reading that you have to interact with the story to enjoy this completely.  There were several cards in the mailbox and not too many other ways to gather clues. I can't imagine visiting more than once although it was fun to see each artist's interpretation of the "event".  My husband and I both agreed an uplifting story could have made this Fabulous instead of average.  The artists did a wonderful job with the story they had, and we have no desire to return because there wasn't anything additional to do once you've seen it. The glasses enhanced the underwater coral scene and hallway which was neat, and lots of work went into this project, but there would be no need for season passes or a return trip.

Absolutely one of the best experiences that we shared as a family! The adventure starts with a quaint Victorian house, and the extends to outer space, futuristic realities, and interactive experiences! A must for anyone visiting Santa Fe, but be warned, you'll definitely need to come back (especially for a concert IN the museum!!).

Super cool and fun for all ages. As promised Meow Wolf delivers an "immersive, multi-media art experience." The House of Eternal Return is Alice in Through the Looking Glass meets Blade Runner, with secret passages, neon forests, an arcade and so much more explore. A Must See if you find yourself in New Mexico. Lovely staff members. Ample parking. Closed on Tuesdays.

Be sure to wear tennies & dress to climb, crawl, and explore! There''s a mystery to be solved so be sure to begin at the mailbox when you first enter. Brilliant and fun!!! The X-Files meets the Twilight Zone...

Great for kids and adults alike. Small bar and shoppe. Intricate design many rooms to investigate and check out. Small  snack area.

I can't wait to go back because there are so many details and rooms to explore in this Alice in Wonderland museum experience. Unique, fun and creatively inspiring place to bring friends and kids and tell visitors to check out. Love that its in an up and coming non-traditionally visited area of Santa Fe in what used to be a bowling alley. Make time to come on your next trip. Also love that Meow Wolf promotes this space to hold concerts, as Santa Fe is in dire need of more hip music and venues.

We have 3 kids (12, 9, & 1) and they all loved Meow Wolf! We randomly decided to go on Mother's Day as it was raining in the Jemez and our picnic plan was out. When we arrived we found out that mom's were free (bonus!) and the rest of the family wasn't too bad for hours of exploring! We loved all the rooms in the house (esp the fridge you walk through!) and then set out to explore the other areas. We stopped for lunch (it was still raining so we picnicked in the back of our car!) then we're able to re-enter and explore more! Afterwards, we spent a good hour in the maker's space- painting and building with Legos and also the imagination playground blocks and balls. We will go back to explore again. It's a wonderful, surreal, and captivating exhibit that the whole family loved! 

Secret entrances, several levels , amazingness! Went with my 4 year old daughter and she had a blast! Definitely a place to go !!!👍👍😍

I've been three times now.  The second time, I was pulled around by a 7 year old, fast.  I still haven't had a visit alone, where I can read the texts, and take a nap.  Soon.  I'm in love with this place.  And after 6 months, I've noticed that it doesn't show wear and tear.  It's clean and very well maintained.  A must for out of town guests!

My family went to Meow Wolf for the first time last week and I can't even find the words to describe this unique and amazing destination. It's like a psychedelic art show meets maze, meets children's museum with a whole lot of mind blowing sensory experiences thrown in. Wow. We had the pleasure of meeting the creators of this fab place through an entrepreneur's group in Santa Fe last year and knew Meow Wolf would be something special but I never imagined it would be so cool!

This place is so amazing and I highly recommend you check it out. It's just so cool being an INTERACTIVE MUSEUM. There's even a little arcade in there if you also like video games. You won't regret it

I love this place. I tell everyone that it's like walking through a dream. You could literally spend all day here. So fun! I brought my 7, 5, and 16 month old. No problems.

I've been six times and can't wait to return! Not only is it visually entertaining, the mystery of it is mentally stimulating as well. It's an experience unique to any other.

Think of those crazy dreams you have where everything is nonsensical, a little on the creepy side, and filled with psychedelic colors. Then add in some haunted house, a little carnival, and a bit of Alice in Wonderland. That's Meow Wolf. A must see. We had a 4 year old and a 2 year old with us, but would have enjoyed it more as a date night on our own. Go early on a weekday and allow yourself ample time to explore.

I loved wandering around this place! Wonderfully conceived and well executed, I felt like I was finally in that multi dimensional house that I only heretofore found in my crazy dreams. A real multi sensory feast!

I was induced with a sense of that childlike wonder. It is just like being born again, in the sense that you are introduced to a whole new world. I would take the time to open every door, drawer, cabinet, or mailbox* because is something new everywhere you go and every time you think you're done; you discover something else that leads you elsewhere. Absolutely surreal and the true art of it is how it affects your mind. It can get very busy, but you can get so immersed in the world you find yourself in, other people aren't necessarily a bother (unless that's all you choose to focus on, then of course that is all you will get).  Many places are wheelchair accessible, but there are many places that are not. It would be cool if there were an elevator *cough cough*. Definitely a very interactive experience that will tingle all of your senses in ways they have never been tangled before.

We have a family membership. We've been many times already. My 4-year-old has a blast every time and so do I.

After reading reviews of Meow Wolf online, a couple of my girlfriends decided we had to go down in camp with the kids and visit this place ourselves. Wow! This experience did not disappoint! Highly recommended! Words cannot describe, you must go for yourself.

And i want more!!! It was a little crowded but i didnt feel like it mattered, i still had a blast. It feels like a dream. The best most adventurous dream ive had. 

This place is the most beautiful dream. Every corner is a new surprise. It's by far my favorite place in New Mexico.

This place is a must do! Mind blowing. Highly recommend if in Santa Fe. Heck you should go even if you arnt there. Make sure you give yourself plenty of time to enjoy it slowly 

We have been to Meow Wolf now 3 times, and every time we find more to see and interact with. The kids have fun, and leave happy.

It's completely mind blowing and the only activity this year we have managed to do (except for rafting) that had everyone going. We stayed 2:30 hrs. No one complained or asked to leave ... A miracle with two teens, a 12 year old and a 9Year old. Hint: open the fridge😉We also got to visit their makers space : a dream area with mind blowing machines. My daughter who is on a Robotics team had sparkles in her eyes. If local, you can get a monthly membership, you comeWith your project and build it. A kid had been making a drone the day before. Though with the type of machines, I think they do require people to get certified to use some. There is also a free art space for smaller kids to create. Definitely a must in a Santa Fe visit. 

Meow Wolf is like walking & climbing through a funhouse while trying to discover the mysterious aftermath of the family who lived there.

Such a fun place to be! We had a blast taking the whole family. We are definitely going again cause there was sooo much to take in.

We were going through things to do while I was visiting my daughter in ABQ and, having seen and done a lot during prior visits, were running out when she mentioned Meow Wolf. I said, "What?" She began to explain but really couldn't. I checked it out online and  got kind of an idea what it was about but one really has to experience it. We roamed around for about 3 or 4 hours (I kind of lost track). The building is an old bowling alley that George Martin (Game of Thrones) bought and I believe leased to the Meow Wolf artists who have created a amazing world inside. The adventure begins in a house with many surprises and one then enters a colorful world of structures, exhibits and sound. Check it out for yourself. You may enjoy it or you may not but we found it an interesting alternative world to journey through. Also I know that the sort of visit only allows one to check family (teens) but my daughter is 26, hardly a teen.

This was a great family adventure. I love Santa Fe but it isn't always the most family oriented place but after visiting Meow Wolf I will be taking the kids to Santa Fe more often!

Meow Wolf is a nonstop delight for kids of all ages with technologies woven (literally) into the explorable art work and worlds.My kids loved every minute and my son ended up having his birthday party there!!

I find something new every time.....it's incredibly psychedelic, yet accessible to all ages. I don't know what to call it? It's a museum, choose your own adventure, a mystery that can/can't be solved, an art installation and a sensory overload. What a pleasure!

This is a super fun experience for children. Sorry to be a party-pooper but I was not as captivated as I'd hoped to be and I'm sure a little of the reason was due to its popularity on a Saturday afternoon in the summertime - duh! The best way to discover all the ways you can interact with the mysterious house and its absent family is to take your time, which you can do better when someone isn't rushing past you to crawl into the fireplace or having to wait in line to try out one of the many hands-on devices.

This place is off the hook!  It's like a dream world.We we're there for hours exploring and just kept find more rooms to explore.

Meow wolf House of eternal return is absolutely one of the best museums in Santa Fe. I love that there is not a guided path or any route to follow you do everything at your own pace. Touch everything, really experience it. I cannot wait to see what is added on as time goes on. Great gift idea for friends and family:)

This unique experience was worth every dollar and every minute.  We appreciated the ability to take a break for lunch and re-enter with fresh minds.  There is such an elaborate story to discover.  While walking through the museum you are allowed (and encouraged) to touch, read, open, sit on, examine, etc.  We will definitely be back - I think it would take many many visits before we felt like we had experienced everything.  This is definitely a 2+ hour adventure!Some spaces are quite tight, but most areas are accessible by alternative routes.  Walking shoes would suit you better than flip flops.  We purchased the 3D glasses and did not feel that they enhanced the experience.  Definitely bring a camera - the backdrops are indescribable!

I had seen photos of Meow Wolf popping up on instagram and facebook feeds accross my friend groups. Its allure sparked my curiosity and I was brimming with excitement as I anticipated my own trip to the space. I expected Meow Wolf to remind me of burning man- a psychedelic funhouse with photogenic backdrops and eye dazzling interiors. What I discovered was so much more. The narrative is rich and uncanny, parceled with enough structure yet open ended-ness for visitors to philosophize with one another about what they are experiencing. I loved the collaborative nature of the project. It's a mix of multiple aesthetics and visions and pulled off beautifully. It's a space that welcomes multiple types of visitors and hosts multiple types of experiences- inclusive and curiosity cultivating. We visited at a busy time- a Friday night. There was beer- many visitors were drinking and running around screaming at one another. For those of us who wanted a quieter visit I think visiting during the day and a weekday would be ideal. I can't wait to go back and explore more. We took our time walking through each space, reading the detailed and crafted artifacts in the rooms we explored, and saved plenty of spaces to see the next time we visit.

Meow Wolf takes you deep inside the unknown, the dreams, the fantasy, the wishes,. It is powerful, it is deep, it is mystifying, Beautiful, crazy, creepy. There isn't one single word that will describe it. It is definitely a must see.

This unique experience was worth every dollar and every minute.  We appreciated the ability to take a break for lunch and re-enter with fresh minds.  There is such an elaborate story to discover.  While walking through the museum you are allowed (and encouraged) to touch, read, open, sit on, examine, etc.  We will definitely be back - I think it would take many many visits before we felt like we had experienced everything.  This is definitely a 2+ hour adventure!Some spaces are quite tight, but most areas are accessible by alternative routes.  Walking shoes would suit you better than flip flops.  We purchased the 3D glasses and did not feel that they enhanced the experience.  Definitely bring a camera - the backdrops are indescribable!

I had seen photos of Meow Wolf popping up on instagram and facebook feeds accross my friend groups. Its allure sparked my curiosity and I was brimming with excitement as I anticipated my own trip to the space. I expected Meow Wolf to remind me of burning man- a psychedelic funhouse with photogenic backdrops and eye dazzling interiors. What I discovered was so much more. The narrative is rich and uncanny, parceled with enough structure yet open ended-ness for visitors to philosophize with one another about what they are experiencing. I loved the collaborative nature of the project. It's a mix of multiple aesthetics and visions and pulled off beautifully. It's a space that welcomes multiple types of visitors and hosts multiple types of experiences- inclusive and curiosity cultivating. We visited at a busy time- a Friday night. There was beer- many visitors were drinking and running around screaming at one another. For those of us who wanted a quieter visit I think visiting during the day and a weekday would be ideal. I can't wait to go back and explore more. We took our time walking through each space, reading the detailed and crafted artifacts in the rooms we explored, and saved plenty of spaces to see the next time we visit.

Meow Wolf takes you deep inside the unknown, the dreams, the fantasy, the wishes,. It is powerful, it is deep, it is mystifying, Beautiful, crazy, creepy. There isn't one single word that will describe it. It is definitely a must see.

My boyfriend and I spent a long weekend in Santa Fe, and Meow Wolf was our favorite activity by far. It's been several months, and he's still asking when we can go back. Cool art, exciting plot, and so much fun stuff to play with!

As close to a real life Twilight Episode as you can get, the trip through Meow Wolf felt like journeying and teleporting through alternate realities.

Ever wonder what it would feel like to be Alice and fall down the rabbit hole? Meow Wolf is just that. MAGIC

just go. i wouldn't want to spoil it for you. it's like no other place i've been. everyone in our group loved it!  kids will miss the big picture but they still love it, too.

I've been to Meow Wolf twice now and both times I was thoroughly impressed. I have young children and they thought it was the most magical place they have ever been to. I would recommend going during the day especially if you have young children as it tends to get a little busy in the evenings and it's harder to enjoy with a large crowd - plus kids can easily get lost amongst the crowd in this place!! My kids constantly ask to go back!

Impossible to describe; totally exciting and most creative place. It is the physical manifestation of the ideas of artists, engineers and storytellers. Nothing dull about it- lots to see and experience.

What a great art space.  It is difficult to even describe.  Nothing like anything I've ever seen.  There is mystery to solve, if you have time to read all of the letters, notes, and papers throughout the rooms.  This place is so amazingly creative!

Simply amazing, a must see! I was transported to another world and didn't want to leave. Touch everything and explore everywhere.

Even before I left I thought:  I can't wait to go back! I love that I can be heady and thoughtful, or chilled out and spacey. Endless ways to experience this place!

One of the greatest places I've ever been to!!! I recommend it to ANYONE looking for something to do in Santa Fe

This is a world class contemporary art exhibition that is exciting, stimulating and a sensory joy in every sense of the word. I have been to many art galleries/museums around the world but Meow Wolf is an experience no one should miss as it totally unique and wonderful.

What is MeowWolf??? Really fun, really weird, really creative, really interesting. There are really no words that would tell you what it is other than.....its an experience not to be missed. Creative genius meanderings into nostalgia, space and beyond. I could tell you that you go into a house where the people have disappeared but that doesnt help. Go into the microcosm of their belongings and figure it out. Experience the macrocosm of it and escape reality for a while. Either way, its not to be missed. Thanks George RR. When do we get another book???

Looking through, windows crawling through chimneys and playing on video games, through a retro perspective and eye opening, jaw dropping-"cool" and "this is very nice, say, the boys.  Great, interactive house and thrilled the boys enjoyed and were never bored.  Good times on a hot summer day!

not sure it's worth multiple visits but one or two visits with the kids are definitely worthwhile; some areas are quite dark and the footing tricky so it is not a place to allow small children to explore alone.

A great time was had by all! Our 15 year old son had a good time, my husband had a good time, heck even the dog had a good time! I was afraid it was going to be a sensory overload for me but I was able to handle a good portion of it (the boys said about 1/4) and when I was ready to leave there was staff around happy to help me find my way to a exit! Outside there was food stands they had great snacks and friendly workers and inside everyone was friendly as well! Would definitely recommend and would go again!

We drove down from Colorado for the weekend, and loved it so much we bought an annual pass, so I guess we will be back soon! Hands down my favorite family adventure we have ever gone on. Everyone loved it, from the 4 year old to the teenagers! 

I'm an old guy and was there with my sweetheart and a 15 year old granddaughter.  We all had a great time. Get the 3D glasses for the full experience. This is one of the most wonderful art instillation's I have ever visited. Another great gift to Santa Fe from author George RR Martin.

Make sure you don't miss the laser light room. We almost did. It was amazing. There was something to see everywhere you looked. It was overwhelming at times, with all the sights, sounds and people, but worth it. We didn't focus much energy on the story line and still thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It's definitely unique, unlike any other museum we've ever visited. 

This place is so awesome. So much to see,  touch and play with! It is a playground for adults. It is also a rad venue for shows, so if you get a chance take in a concert!

Absolutely breath taking. So so so beyond inspiring. It helps re-instill hope and faith in the power of community and the beauty that people are capable of creating. My husband and I literally wept after we toured Meow Wolf. Magic.

If you've ever wanted to reach out and touch the art/exhibit, this is the place for you! Deeply immersive, you can touch/browse/snoop/explore to your heart's content. As long as you approach the art respectfully ("no radical behavior"), you are free to interact fully and take as long as you want. There is no one path through the House...areas are interconnected in surprising ways, and just when you think you've seen all there is to see, you find another area. There was a line to get in, but everyone was in a great mood, and it did not seem crowded once we were in. Kids, adults, young couples, grandparents...everyone was having a great time and experiencing art in a way you may never have before. Don't read too many of the specifics in the reviews. Just go, and let the experience unfold. My husband and I spent 2 1/2 hours there, and can't wait to go back. Admission gets you in and out privileges for the day, so you can run out for lunch and come back.

This is my family's 2nd trip to Santa Fe. We wanted to try something new and fun for 2 active imaginative boys ages 8 and 10. We were initially reluctant due to the price of admission but had read good things about the place. Let me say it is worth it! Words can't even describe the magical world of art and fantasy. We weren't' even there 2 seconds and I lost the boys through the fireplace. It's 2 days since our visit and I still can not stop thinking about it. I would make the 7 1/2 hour drive there just for this experience. Plan on spending at least 2 hours here. You will not see it all your first visit, mostly because it is an explosion of external stimuli. If you are a parent of small children bring another adult so you can tag team and keep track of the little ones. This place is just amazing.

Santa Fe is generally thought of as an "artistic city". However it seems most of the "artistic" locations are galleries showcasing art the average person cannot afford and can only look at. Meow Wolf changes all that by taking art and creativity to an interactive experience, and at a very reasonable price for all ages. Highly recommend.

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return in totally unique -- you are INSIDE of a story, surrounded by it on all sides. And it is colorful and interactive and creative and fun and mind blowing, all at once. There is so much to see and do here that you should plan on spending several hours and come back again if you can. It is one of those special exhibitions that appeals to little kids, whole families and seniors -- people from every walk of life can enjoy it.

It's difficult to explain what Meow Wolf is like because as far as I know, there is no place like it in the world. Violently surreal might be a way to describe it.As you enter the exhibit, which is located in an old bowling alley, the first thing you see is a two-story Victorian house. This is the "House of Eternal Return", a house that is lost in time and space. The family who lived there is missing, but there are clues to their fates located throughout the house. You can read their mail, their diaries, open their closets, look in their refrigerator, and see what's on the computer. There are wormholes throughout the house which lead to an alternate universe. The alternate universe is a sensory kaleidoscope: thousands of unusual things to touch, see, and hear. Everyday objects have been warped and redefined to create new visual experiences: the left side of your brain is flipping out while the right side of your brain is giggling in delight and piecing together the story line.When you visit, make sure you notice the objects in the house. You will see some of them repeated in large scale in the alternate universe. Also, be sure to check out the wallpaper in the bathrooms.I recommend getting there as soon as they open their doors (around 10, I believe). School groups often tour during the summer, but when I went they were easy to avoid because they stay together. In the afternoons and on the weekends it gets pretty crowded. The best time to come is probably when school is in session.Meow Wolf is appropriate for all ages. They do have lots of optional places to climb, but there's still plenty to see if you are less mobile. Give yourself 1-2 hours to see it, then come back in a few months and see it again. There are food trucks that come to the little courtyard. I saw one there as early as 10. Also, there are restaurants nearby and they sell a limited selection of sandwiches and drinks in Meow Wolf's eating area.

Love, love, love this art installation!! Fun, funky, interactive art for all ages. A great family attraction. A must see in Santa Fe, NM!!

We got a family pass and go regularly. Definitely gets us into a series of multidimensional realities where we can relax, explore, discover mystery, and be entertained. So fun!!! We bring lots of kids with us!

Saw Nikolas Jaar my first time going to Meow Wolf. It's a special place everyone should experience. I don't want to leave this long of a message but it's making me. 

A must-see in Santa Fe!  It is good alone, as a couple, with kids, with teens, and with friends! Day or evening: just go!

One of the best experiences I've had in my life, we got there around opening time and we were given bracelets and told we can leave and go as we please for the day.  cool, we didn't know why that was necessary...  We spent a few hours exploring and saw no clear end to this as our stomachs were rumbling.  We went into town grabbed a satisfying lunch as we talked about what we saw... then we drove straight back to Meow Wolf to explore before they closed for the day.  I feel honored to have gotten to experience a whole day there!  I can't wait to visit again.

Don't want to spoil it for you, but it's unlike any other museum I've seen! Part art exhibit, part murder mystery, and part museum, it's a must see for any visit to New Mexico!

I went with my mom and sister the Saturday before Mother's Day. I had only gotten a vague description that it was interactive with climbing and such. We walked into the house and through the cupboard under the stairs of course. The world we entered reminded me of art installations and mutant vehicles I've experienced at Burning Man. "Okay, this is cool, but nothing I haven't seen before." As we continued to explore the mystery began to reveal itself and I was hooked. The attention to detail is beyond belief! Videos, text books, day planners, newspapers. All revealing bits and pieces of the mystery. I definitely want to go back. There's certainly an issue of accessibility for those who can't climb stairs or fit into small spaces. With the amount of creativity involved in making this thing come together I would hope the can figure out a way to make it more accessible in the future. Oh, and the dance party at night was great until it got too crowded.

We would have never known about this place if we didn't talk with the locals sitting next to us at a bar the prior evening.  I am so glad we made that connection.This is an old bowling alley with what looks to be a 2/3 scale house inside it.  Some of the funding came from George RR Martin.Meow Wolf is one of the most amazing art exhibits I've ever seen!  Sensory overload to the max!  Stunning visuals, great music fully envelops you in your surroundings.This installation is VERY interactive.  The goal of the visit is to understand what happened to the family at the house.  You can go through all the drawers, watch family videos, read diaries to figure out what was going on in the house.There are five portals to different multiverse areas which are like futuristic time shares.  In these areas there are lots of interactive pieces to play.  You can bang on mushrooms on trees or the rib cage of a mammoth to make music.After about 2.5 hours I was both physically and mentally tired.  To figure out this puzzle, you'd have to come multiple times.The only downside to the exhibit is there are tons of kids just running around haphazardly.  If you are really trying to figure out what happened, be prepared to be run into by kids.Another cool thing about Meow Wolf is they have workshops for kids.  The day we went, they were making skateboards.

Our first family vacation to Santa Fe, and this was one of the places we found online as a "must do" while we were there. Interactive art exhibit experience!! You literally walk through the art exhibit, and are encouraged to touch and explore everything! You have to actually, because it is a story/mystery to figure out. Give yourself plenty of time to linger, like 2 hours or more ~ it's the kind of place you could visit over and over and still find new things every time. We WILL be back! Great for kids, we took our 14 and 10 year old and they both loved it:)

hard to describe, it has to be experienced! I would say it's an interactive conceptual art, the house of eternal return, so many nooks and crannies to explore, something different around every corner, fun, strange, awesome.....for all ages!

We went to Meow Wolf on a Sunday afternoon. It was a little busy, but it's big enough that you can always get away from the crowds. We spent about 2 hours there, but I could have spent 5 and not gotten bored. Such an incredible experience - once you leave, you look at people outside and think, "You have no idea what just happened to me..." It is worth every penny.

Must see. Go! Adults and families alike. The beginnings of what will continue to be the standard in contemporary, artful, fun, well designed and operated experiences!

This was like nothing I have ever seen. Our entire family of ages 6, 17, 39 & 40 enjoyed this day to the fullest. This blew our minds every room we entered! I keep telling people to go to Santa Fe just to go to Meow Wolf!

Nothing like it anywhere else. A hands on - visual fantasy. Worth a day trip from anywhere  in the USA !!  For ALL the family.

Something for everyone is happening at this wizardly-designed former bowling alley. Lovers of riddles, interactive art and science fiction will find Meow Wolf to be one of the most unique destinations ever. You can even get (safely) lost inside its clever passageways. A friend said "you don't want to have been in Santa Fe and admit you've never been to Meow Wolf, so you better go." Best advice on our Santa Fe adventure. Folk Art Festival, Opera, then Meow Wolf. The perfect travel triumvirate!

Honest to goodness seriously deeply trippy-fabulous immersive art exhibition, where elaborate detective work will delight those who care to do the digging. Go because it's an amazing spectacle, (and because kids, teens, and adults will all dig it for different reasons) but also go because this is where new thinking about art and art's place in Santa Fe is happening. It's the center of a new generation of high level Santa Fe-based artists who are invested in the town. The aesthetic will be a little over-saturated for some, but at its core, this is a catalyst for exploration and wonder.Go! And plan extra time for yourself to take breaks or to begin to unravel the story at the heart of the exhibition.

You must visit Meow Wolf and mqke sure you allow yourself enough time to really explore. it is an amazing place!

MeowWolf is an experience; an individual journey for everyone who goes through it. With an open mind , who knows what you'll find ! Definitely worth seeing.

Meow wolf is a collective of artists who have different visions than what the art world is traditionally used to - that being said, their first permanent exhibit, House of Eternal Return, provides the visitor with a whole world that combines many different sensory experiences to create something unlike anywhere else. This exhibit truly allows your mind to explore. It encourages creativity and self exploration. Some people find the lack of direction to be upsetting, but the unknown is exciting in a space like this where you are given the opportunity to create a story out of what you are seeing.

I've never been to a museum this amazing and weird at the same time! It left wanting to go back again to make sure I didn't miss any secret places! Thank you Meow Wolf for creating this amazing place for the community and tourists to enjoy!

Insanely original. A unique experience crawling around someone's dreams and nightmares. A collaboration between media artists and makers on a property owned by George R. R. Martin.

I took my daughter, thinking I would just walk through it with her...whatever...but the second I set foot in the grass in front of the house, opened the mailbox and read the mail, I was hooked. As an adult, I have not had this much fun in ages. I can hardly wait to go back! 

Sights, sounds, art, activities, and an overarching backstory in The House of Eternal Return that will blow your mind.

How wonderful to see an artist collective put together such an epic interactive art exhibit being visited by the masses.  My kids are still talking about how nothing will ever compare to the weirdness and wonder found inside this old bowling ally.

This Art experience is like a supreme fun house . . . a mysterious, enchanting, enveloping fun house.

Magically weird. Duel Brewing was also serving beer and sangria that night. Perfect place to just wonder.

Absolutely fun and exciting. So much to explore and discover. Surreal and beautiful. There are many different rooms to discover and everything is interconnected. There are many different scenes downstairs and upstairs you see those scenes from a different perspective. This is a very positive and fun experience.

Unlike any other "museum" experience you've have EVER had. This place is a total trip and completely worth any amount of money (within reason) for entry. Visiting family in Santa Fe back in June, we arrived not really knowing what exactly this "MEOW WOLF" thing was so it wasn't on our initial itinerary (packed as first-time Santa Fe visitors) but my aunt and uncle heartily insisted that we go ("Make sure to check the fridge" said my uncle). I will not describe it because it is difficult and will not do this place justice. For a place like this, I think it's okay to go in knowing little more than entry price. I do, however, recommend trying to catch a show here in the evening (tickets are a few dollars less, local wine and beer, AND access to the multiverse). Give yourself plenty of time - 2 hours at the very least. I was there for about 4 and a month later, I'm finding out there were things I completely missed! Wear something comfortable (crawling, climbing, crouching will be something that you encounter so don't let impractical clothes stand between you and an awesome experience). Upon entry, you shortly realize /why/ it's called the House of Eternal Return. Stop questioning it and just go!!!!BONUS POINTS: If you have friends who are big Game of Thrones/GRRM fans, this will make them super jealous and make you seem super cool and who doesn't want that?

We love this place and keep going back to find things that we missed the first time we we visited. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Will most likely go again and again and again!!!

We high-tailed it down from Denver for opening weekend because we couldn't not. And it was better than we imagined. Brilliant.

A once-in-a-lifetime experience brought to you by some of Santa Fe's best contemporary artists! Bring your whole family, before the whole block gets turned into a retirement complex!

There is something for everyone here!  We ran around for several hours having a great time!  Next time we will take the kids.  LOL.  Ton's of fun for all ages.

I have been multiple times and will continue to go. I live in Santa Fe. I have had friends from around the world of all ages, backgrounds, and interests experience Meow Wolf once hearing about it- No one was disappointed. There is a point of entry into the worlds of Meow Wolf no matter your age or approach. You can feel your way through it with the tactile environments, play your way through it with musical installations and sometimes evening concerts, you can take a break and paint some with your kids in the creative space, the visual worlds are all around. There videos and reading material for those who want to solve the story embedded in the House of Eternal Return. Just go.

I've been to museums and entertainment attractions in six continents, and this one is totally unique and new. Must see!!

This place really can't be summed up in words. It's an exhibit. It's a museum. It's art. It's an experience. It's immersive. It's open to interpretation. It's more than the sum of its parts, and those parts are fantastical even separately. You simply have to go.

This fantastic, unique, creative wonderland tucked away in low key Santa Fe, is more than you could possibly imagine. Visitors are invited to touch, interact and become part of the exhibit, which is so detailed, you have to go multiple times before you can see everything. My two and four year old nieces love The House of Eternal Return, and adults are equally in awe. It's a must see destination whether you're passing through Santa Fe, or have lived here since Silva Lanes was a bowling ally. We have the family pass for the year, and I've lost count of how many times the kids have gone, but they can't get enough. Meow Wolf just updated the house so I'm excited to go back soon and see what's new.

This is one of the best interactive, full  of creativity and fun venues we enjoyed as a family. Highly recommend it!!

there are no words to describe it, it's just unbelievable. We went there all the way from El Paso Tx for a Nicolas Jaar concert and thought we were only going for that, but we were there for three hours and I don't think we saw everything. If you go to Santa Fe you MUST visit Meow Wolf

The most amazing art project I've ever sewn. Over 200 hours of work went into the narrative alone. We drove a the way from Arizona just to see this. A must see.

I love love love meow wolf. The only gripe I have about it is that the exhibit is not very handicap-accessible. There are many small walkways and doorways that someone with limited mobility wouldn't get to explore. Not stroller-friendly for those with very small kiddos. Aside from that, we loved the exhibit and have been back twice since our first visit. If we lived closer we would get an annual pass.

I will go back again and again...one of the most interesting, beautiful and thought-provoking experiences I've ever had!

We heard about this crazy fabulous interactive art experience when we struck up a conversation with a salesman and other shoppers at a Canyon Road gallery.  We were having a nice chat about the art scene in Santa Fe and in New Orleans when a lovely lady asked, Have you been to Meow Wolf yet?  No, what is it?  Her reply, It's everything.  Just go.  So we did.   And you should too.  You can get as involved as you want and stay as long as you want - we stayed for 90 minutes.  Just relax and go for it.  Once inside you should read the notes, watch the videos and touch everything.  The kids will have a blast.  Oh, timing is important.  We went right after lunch and there was no line.  When we left the line was out the door.

OK, I've never done a drug trip, but I've read about everything Lewis Carroll has written and many of the essays on his work. The bottom line is that the trips Alice took were the result of Carroll's hallucinatory visions while on cocaine and other drugs. Who knows. But I can tell you this: once you go through the fireplace you enter a world of experiences that are beyond description.George R. R. Martin, who wrote The Game of Thrones, has created something that encompasses places described in Carroll's Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass woven with what appear to be part of the sets in episodes of Game of Thrones. It is an adult venue. I think children would be frightened. Also, to explore many of the places & spaces you need to be in good physical condition. It is handicapped accessible in limited areas.

This museum is honestly good for all ages.  Little kids have fun running around and for the adults there is the story element in the Victorian mansion.

I cannot recommend this highly enough! Our 3 & 5 yr old boys had an absolute blast. We could have easily stayed for 3 hours, especially with the old video games. They even have sandwiches and drinks for sale if you find you are there longer than expected. We arrived about 10:45 on a Wednesday and waited in line about 10 minutes to get it. There were lots of people but I wouldn't say it felt crowded because everyone is moving around constantly and there's plenty to explore and easy to return to a room if you didn't get to look as long as you wanted. Bathrooms are easily accessible and clean. We didn't go along with the mystery, but I've heard there was one. We just explored wherever we wanted and I'm sure we missed a lot due to time constraints on our part. Some people have mentioned kids being afraid but my boys were not scared at all, except maybe by the intro video guy's voice at one point. I was so impressed with how well-structured this place was. It's taken a lot of traffic yet all the stairways and walls and installations are solid. Kudos to the creators! So much fun! Thanks for all your hard work. 

Difficult to describe, but here goes.  A landscape of 100 dreams accessed by entering a spooky looking Victorian house.  Interactive, amazing, puzzling and bizarre.Go!  By all means, go! Allow two hours minimum.  Open anything that looks like it might and turn, push, switch and touch. Listen, look and enjoy.  A funhouse for adults and nirvana for kids.  We shall return.

I admit I was skeptical going in.  I'm not a big "modern art" fan, and the concept was fuzzy.  But, I entered with an open mind to see what it really is.My entire group had a BLAST!  We wandered -- ran -- around for 2.5 hours like crazy people.  What's really neat is that everyone in our group of 12 -- from age 9 to age 56 -- loved it.  Really loved it!At its heart, Meow Wolf is an interactive, hands-on, multimedia art exhibit, with the added elements of delight and discovery and intrigue.  What does this thing do?  Where does this path lead?  What's inside that room?  What happens if I touch this?  Top it off with the possibility of a mystery to solve surrounding what exactly is going on.  So it can be experienced on multiple levels/multiple ways.  My younger kids just ran around like crazy -- so excited to discover and see what was around the corner.   We also ran into crazed haggard-looking people who had been inside for 6 hours trying to "solve the mystery" and make sense of it all (fun for some, but not required to fully enjoy it).Remember when you were a kid and liked to explore the nooks and crannies of new places, and you imagined that there were monsters, or secret hiding places, or mysteries, or . . . whatever to discover?  That's the best thing about Meow Wolf for me.Meow Wolf is like nothing else I've ever experienced.  It was well worth the time and money spent to remember what it felt like to be a kid and explore a place with endless possibilities.

We didn't know the full spectrum of the Meow Wolf experience and only wish we were able to spend more time.  Planning our next trip to Santa Fe and bringing friends and making this a full day event.  Start at 10 am and go until it closes at 8 pm and find all the nooks and crannies.  And of course talk about it the rest of the trip as we engage one another with our own interpretations.  Wonderful, creative and repurposed art.

The only way I can explain this place is by saying we started by stepping into an almost haunted looking house, walking through a refrigerator and into an intergalactic travel depot? And it just goes on from there.  So much to see and find and experience. There's apparently a storyline but I couldn't quite follow it.  We still had a great time.

Crawl through fireplace, walk through refrigerators, or pass through a wall of moving projections.  It is magical, a wonderful experience for young and old.  We made the mistake of not going upstairs first to read all the clues that set the stage for this adventure, but it was still fun.  Such creativity.  Another world.  Eat at Tortilla Flats first and they will give you a discount for the MEOW WOLF entrance fee.

One of the most original art exhibits I have ever seen. Fully immersive and interactive, this place has all your senses pushed to the limit. There is a storyline that you can follow or you can just move from one amazing setting to the next. Kids are fully entertained as are their adult chaperones. The price is what you would pay for super ritzy art gallery, but it's well spent and would come here all the time if I lived in Santa Fe. Tip of the hat to the creators and artists of the production, truly original. Best thing to do in Santa Fe, hands down. 

By far the oddest museum I have ever visited.  If you go in with an open mind and just "let it be" you will have a great time.  

Crawl through fireplace, walk through refrigerators, or pass through a wall of moving projections.  It is magical, a wonderful experience for young and old.  We made the mistake of not going upstairs first to read all the clues that set the stage for this adventure, but it was still fun.  Such creativity.  Another world.  Eat at Tortilla Flats first and they will give you a discount for the MEOW WOLF entrance fee.

One of the most original art exhibits I have ever seen. Fully immersive and interactive, this place has all your senses pushed to the limit. There is a storyline that you can follow or you can just move from one amazing setting to the next. Kids are fully entertained as are their adult chaperones. The price is what you would pay for super ritzy art gallery, but it's well spent and would come here all the time if I lived in Santa Fe. Tip of the hat to the creators and artists of the production, truly original. Best thing to do in Santa Fe, hands down. 

By far the oddest museum I have ever visited.  If you go in with an open mind and just "let it be" you will have a great time.  

Wow, is really the best way to describe a place that is truly beyond words. You must go and experience this exhibit of art, imagination and surreal hands on exhibits. A must for all children and "big" KIDS TOO!

I'm so happy a place like this exists! So great to walk through such a creative space! I don't want to tell you what is all about so you can have a totally fresh experience. Consider it a walk through someone's dream. Some is very strange and some very fun a few areas are a bit dark in feeling, but I don't think they will offend. It is good for all ages. I would caution people with limited mobility to be cautious in some of the stair areas, but there are wider stairs in other parts of the facilities that will get you to the same place so you don't have to miss anything. Have fun!

The most fun I have had at an "art installation" ever.  Funky art, secret passageways, other worldly, and a mystery to boot. You are encouraged to explore, touch, and experience with all of your senses in this eclectic installation. Entertained our group of ten from the ages of 8 to 56. We spent two hours here and never saw it all. Every time we thought we had seen it all - we turned a corner, went through a passageway and there was something crazy and new.

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return is truly outstanding. It is a labyrinth, visual feast, and exploration of the mind all at once. I cannot recommend highly enough!Count on one to two hours, and it may take longer if you linger over some the exhibits. Crowds may well affect your experience and the speed you can complete the journey. Meow Wolf does limit the number people allowed in at any one time, but even below that limit things may seem crowded. It might be interesting to visit on an exclusive (and higher ticket price) evening event.Don't neglect to stop and play the music!

We broke away from our Titan coach tour travellers one free afternoon to experience Meow Wolf, recommended by our trolley guide Clarise. It was nothing like my husband and I have ever experienced before and after opening a fridge in a haunted house and walking into a space ship, going into a wardrobe through the clothes hanging there into another strange world of sights and sounds, and much more, after about two hours we were speechless! Very well done but we thought it was more for families with children. There were lots of children running everywhere so be prepared to make way for over excited young ones! Small cafe in reception but very little choice so we went outside to one if a few vendors for a quick lunch and drink which you could bring back in as you have a wrist band put on at admission. All in all, it would not appeal to the "older generation" as much as young families. One older couple walked away as they said it was too expensive. Usual gift shop as well. Very well done to the people who made this attraction but I am "on the fence" on this one!

I live in Santa Fe and there has been a lot of publicity about Meow Wolf. I finally went to see  the art show/complex on Sunday. It is not accessible to the handicapped for starters. There is no map showing what direction to go or follow. There are a lots of blinking lights and colorful shapes. One section has many throw rugs that can trip people. It is located on 3 different floors with stairs to climb. I was there an hour and that was enough. There are food trucks in the parking lot and 2 good Mexican restaurants very close by.

We loved this interactive art installation!!! It's a truly one of a kind experience. We were there for 3 1/2 hours. Each room has hidden finds and interactive things. Go slow!!! Touch everything!!! Sit and watch others experience. Read everything in each room for clues!!!! I want t go again!!!! Worth every penny of entry fee!!! 

Driving into New Mexico from Arizona, we saw a single billboard with the words "Meow Wolf" on it... nothing else.  Weird...  Upon arriving in Santa Fe, a local happened to mention it, and strongly recommended a visit.  We checked out their website, and agreed that it would be a fun thing to do.  My wife and I visited with our special needs adult son.  The people at the front counter were friendly and incredibly helpful.  Our son loved all of the visual, audio and tactile stimulation.  This place is absolutely amazing, and cannot be described in words.  You truly have to see, and experience it, for yourself!!!  Plan to be there for at least 2 - 3 hours, and ENJOY!!!

A house turned into an exhibit, It is strange and funky and there is a surprise in every room, every drawer, and every cupboard.

Just looking for something to do and saw Meow Wolf's flyer. Husband thought expensive but I convinced him. All of us had a blast!

Must see for a visit to Santa Fe! What an incredible artistic endeavor! I wish I lived here to go back and try to solve the mystery. 

Overall, an experience worth your time and money. Some parts are brilliant. Some parts are "meh". Fun. Unusual. Familiar. Dreamlike. Disturbing. Noisy. Crowded. Quiet. Interactive. Go - Experience.

So this is what happens when 135 artists are unleashed upon an old bowling alley! My dad and I went to Meow Wolf after hearing many people (all adults) recommending it. When we first walked in, we thought it would be cheesy, but we figured we may as well see what it was all about, and were so glad that we did! The though and detail behind each room is mind boggling, and is what a haunted house/ fun house/exploratorium looks like in a city steeped in art! I wish we had one of these back home! We went on a Saturday afternoon, which was packed, but still lots of fun. Try to go on a weekday so you have ample room and time to explore all of the rooms and environments.

When you walk into Meow Wolf Museum you enter another world inside yourself. I mean that you are taken away from who you are and remade. I always bring guests here. It fills people with childlike wonder, and children feel right at home. Give yourself at LEAST three hours to explore the place. I mean open doors and drawers, crawl through fireplaces, play music on mammoth bones, wander through a surreal park. Adults are all a bit boxed in, this place will undo that. It is a world class experience, like no other.

I had no idea what to expect here. Not really a museum...more like an amazing fun house for the whole family. Tons of black Light, ladders, steps, and interesting  weird stuff to look at, touch and play with. Almost a sensory overload. There were LOTS of people here and made me feel like I was gonna lose my two kids at any moment but I never did. So cool. Spent a couple hours here.

Definitely worth visiting and sharing with a friend or two. That way you won't get lost.  And if you have kids - double worth it. Kids love it! Especially entering the exhibit through a refrigerator door!

This place is off the hook with all that they have done. My family and I went Friday and all I can say is wow, everything was amazing and how they pulled it off to all fit some way or another.Ok ok no spoiler here you have to see this place to really get the feel

It was amazing! Definitely felt like we fell down the rabbit hole on this adventure! We would recommend this to others..

We are locals but waited until our artist daughter and boyfriend were here for a visit. This place is amazing. Part wanted house part fun house but all amazing. If you like HP Lovecraft you'll get it. Ehsts not to love about a 'house' with secret passageways and hidden dimensions! You need to take the time to learn the story by watching the videos and reading the clues left around, newspapers, notes, etc. Really great experience. We will go again to see what we missed in our first visit.

I had no idea what to expect as no one was able to really describe it! It is like Alice in wonderland meets Tim burton on an extra creative day. Go

This is a must if you are in Santa Fe. The imagination of the artists is incredible, it is well worth the price. A week later we are still discussing "the mystery". 

Meow Wolf is an adventure that is out of the ordinary. What else can you expect from The City Different? This provides fun for old and young alike. You can walk into the refrigerator and find an adventure or go into the fireplace and find more fun. This is not your average art exhibit.  It is very interactive that has something unexpected in every nook and cranny. Take the time and go...you will feel like Alice in Wonderland! !

It was a very special and interesting place.  Great for families.  A little physically challenging in spots for older folks, but a fun & quirky experience that we enjoyed.

Meow Wolf is a very Innovative Young Artists' Venue. We who live in Santa Fe highly recommend it. It is so fine to see what young creative people come up with...

Fun for the whole family.   Kids and older people will love this place.   Weird, crazy, fun, many universes to see!

A multiple room pyschedelic stroll through moving glow worm sticks of light, mirrors, day-glow carpet, EDM light shows, melting video installations, etc.  An added bonus is a very walkable Duel Brewing to imbibe before the adventure at Meow Wolf.  Unless you are "normal", do not miss this exhibit.  

Get transported to a unique artistic experience that titilates your senses and captures your imagination. This place is really well thought out and provides endless nooks and crannies to explore. Each time you go, you see new things that amaze and delight. It appeals to all ages so it is the perfect family outing. If possible, avoid Saturdays as it is a little overcrowded.

Wow this is one of the best things I have ever seen! It is an art complex that includes the House Of Eternal Return! this place is great for adults and children! You enter the house and it is all interactive! They want you to touch and discover the secret things in the house-hint open the refrigerator door and walk in! Wow!

I am not sure how to describe this place - it is absolutely wonderful, mind boggling,and fun for everyone from about 8 years old (any younger and you will be spending all your time looking for yours kids) right up to 80 and beyond (you do need to be independently mobile).  I completely disagree the joyr10 who said this is not for the older set because there were many groups of peeps over 70 having a ball!  This not some silly little side show, it is built with no expense spared and has that Disney level of quality.

Although this is not near the historic Santa Fe Plaza, it is definately worth going to.  Adults & children alike will find it very interesting.  It is fairly new by Santa Fe standards but really an awesome addition!

Finally got to this place after following its construction info via newspaper for 2 years.  Very interesting.  Very psychedelic. Very interactive. Very playful.  You enter thru a house facade and then "trip" from there into all kinds of rooms and environments.  At one point you go thru a refrigerator, at another thru a fireplace.  There are a few ladder type structures you go up and stairs, so be advised.  The artists had fun with their own sections of the space.  Wild imaginative place.  The day we were there there were a variety of food trucks in the parking lot for lunch. Nice.  There is a room for all to paint and explore your own creativity.  Nice.

Meow Wolf is an arts production company that creates large-scale, interactive multimedia exhibits, effectively combining art, science and play. Meow Wolf recently partnered with George R.R. Martin (novelist, creator Game of Thrones) to convert a defunct bowling alley into a multi-use art complex that includes a 20,000 square foot interactive art playhouse within its brightly colored walls. Inside the beautiful new Meow Wolf Art Complex there are many fantastically useful tools for budding artists. A dedicated creative learning center for Meow Wolf’s Arts Education Program CHIMERA will supply affordable youth arts education curriculum to students of all ages and socioeconomic backgrounds. A public community workspace outfitted with 3D Printers, Laser Cutters and other high end equipment, Make Santa Fe will allow creators to access tools and resources to turn their ideas into a reality. (Memberships start at just $65 a month!) There is also a gift shop, a coffee shop and a whimsical concert venue inside the Meow Wolf Art Complex.Meow Wolf’s first permanent art exhibit “House of Eternal Return” is a 20,000 square foot immersive art experience that transports viewers into a surreal realm of fantasy. The project involved over 130 artists over the many years between planning and production, all working meticulously to build 70 different enchanting rooms, indoor treehouses and interactive cave systems. By combining a storytelling art exhibit with an interactive play house, House of Eternal Return quickly becomes an unforgettable experience from the very first moment you step onto the front lawn. You begin your experience in the front yard of the Selig Family, who have left many clues regarding their mysterious disappearance. As you make your way inside, you begin to notice that something feels unusual, things within the home are not quite right…..Twists, turns, unexpected and imaginative environments, paired with a distinct lack of maps, paths or guides all work together to create a wonderful illusion of fantasy for people of all ages. Meow Wolf’s House of Eternal Return is truly beyond description, it is simply something you need to experience for yourself.

Holy Cow!!!  Walk into this place and prepare to leave this dimension.  I have always loved art and was recommended to this place by a friend who lives here.  Meow Wolf brings an interactive experience, art, and your imagination together in such a way that you really can’t do it justice with words.  I truly recommended this place to anyone who feels like they need a break from the regular flow of the life.

This place is the best place in Santa Fe!  The detail is great, and you will never get bored.  I have been back several times, and I'm continuously finding new things.  When I go with kids, I have to keep up and feel like I get a workout.  Kids love it!  This is a must for anyone visiting NM.

This place was so amazing.  A feast for the eyes and senses.  Everywhere you look there is something truly spectacular.  I can't wait to go back.

The grandkids rave about it, using words like "alternate reality." I've experienced my share of the real ones, and this one is well done for a physical alternate reality. But: do not go if you're claustrophobic (one of my guests), have trouble crawling through tight spaces, etc. You'll need to ask to find the way out. There are truly imaginative ideas like a fridge door that opens into a big bright space. On the other hand, many of the rooms simply evoke Grandma's house - unfortunately a rarity for today's younguns. Also, the interactive aspect is overblown: I found lots of glowing things during a one hour exploration, but very few that did anything. Why don't the video games work? Bottom line: for Santa Fe, this is great. I can't think of anywhere in town where people are lined up day and night to pay $18 to get into something. Thanks to George Martin and to the artists that put it together.

Local artists created this unique interactive exhibit which is part fun house, part art installation. Visitors are encouraged to engage with each of the spaces as they move through the area. Definitely take the time to open every door, peek into every cupboard, and look around every corner. You’ll be glad you did! There is a backstory, which relies on visitors to look closely at the details in each space and put the clues together to interpret the story for themselves. However, you can still enjoy the exhibit without fully knowing or understanding the story. Not only did I thoroughly enjoy the exhibit which provided a fun sense of exploration and discovery, but I also appreciated the creative concepts and clever use of materials in each area. This is a really fun and unique experience for all ages. I highly recommend as a must do in Santa Fe!

Such a combination of The Nanny meets Star Trek meets Treehouse meets T-Rex in a flourescant aquarium! Not sure if some Goosebumps Books were used as a theme, or various movies were a basis for design. I think there is supposed to be a mystery story going on, but when you buy a ticket you are not told to check the mailbox, search for a missing boy, or find the family or what you are supposed to do. My daughter, who is now 30 something, loves it and has now been through it five times! She is starting to figure it out. They had lots of bathrooms! And pretty clean!

If you are in Santa Fe  - even for the day - Spend part of it wandering through Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return! it's an amazing exhibit that just about defies description.  It's like walking into someone's acid trip - but totally enjoyable and appropriate for kids. I know that will sound like a contradiction to some folks but it really is a mind expanding experience for all ages.   Highly recommend a visit - or two or three.  There is a lot to see and experience there.

Loved, loved, loved Meow Wolf. Creative, consuming, and well worth the shlep over to Siler Road to visit. And, whatever you do - go through the Fridge! 

Creative - fun - extraordinarily enjoyable - love the interactive feeling of everything!  Great folks working there too!

Each trip makes me want to come back for more.  So many clues, so little time...  Warning: Fully exploring The House of Eternal Return requires several hours.  There is bit of stair and ladder climbing.  Thre are some tight spaces that larger people will not fit, but there are usually many ways to reach another space.  Some crawling is required to pass through some areas.  Some rooms are very dimly lit.  You will likely get lost and not get to see every exhibit.  I had trouble finding some rooms I wanted to visit on my second trip there.

I and been hearing a lot about Meow Wolf, and when I finally decided to go I was not disappointed. The interactive art factor makes this place incredibly unique and fun for all ages. I highly recommend visiting!

We went on a sunday and the place was mobbed with families -- think many kids moving too fast and hogging the scene.  We didn't know there were clews you could follow in the place because it was too busy and noisy to focus.  We liked walking through the refrigerator and also the area where you play notes on what appears to be a holographic harp.  Taking a class from one of the artists would have been most interesting, but we didn't have time.

We asked at the front desk of our hotel-what is the one thing we shouldn't miss while in Santa Fe.  The overwhelming response was Meow Wolf.  But, when they described it I wasn't convinced.  But we went anyway.  Wow, I now understand that you really can't describe this place.  Pictures will not do it justice, nor does the written word.  Just go, and enjoy the experience.  The entrance fee is low; and it comes with all day in and out privileges.  Touch and explore everything.  Take the time to read the notes/clippings, listen to the videos, let you imagination run wild.  This is a must see!

I found this place because I'm a huge fan of Travis Edegy AKA Pictureplane and saw he had an installation here. This place is amazing and deep and I wish I had more time to spend in every exhibit to really get the whole feel. I was in here for an hour and I don't believe I even saw everything. I unfortunately went on a Sunday while there was a lot of people (especially with kids)-so it wasn't as nice as I'm sure it would be on a weekday with less children yelling and people jumping around. This is more like an actual interactive experience and it makes sure to hit from all sides. If you're in Santa Fe or even ABQ I would highly recommend going to this. 

Best installation I have ever been to, by far! And I studied art history in NYC. It was an exploratory, totally hands-on fun house for kids and adults. It brought out the curious, wide-awake, excited and intrigued side of all of us. I wore my 11-week-old the whole time (not stroller accessible), and she slept like the baby she is. My 4-year-old loved it! We kept talking about what everything meant, even after we left. We looked for clues everywhere. Hidden doorways, refrigerator passageways, true walk in closets. Entire fantasy worlds open up in each surprising space, and it was all beyond words. A true experiential art. 

Be prepared to stay longer than you might expect! The day before my trip to New Mexico, a co-worker said "Oh, you should check out Meow Wolf." After Googling it, I sort of expected it to be another tedious hipster gallery full of pin-up girls and graffiti art. I am so glad that I gave it a chance anyway, because it was NOTHING like that. It's hard to explain what The House of Eternal Return is like, but after walking down a short hallway, you enter the exhibit to find yourself standing outside of a two story home at night. When we walked through the door of the house, I saw someone disappear through a fireplace, and every thought in my mind vanished. All I wanted to do was sprint through the fireplace too!In the secret tunnels behind the fireplace, I found a glowing mammoth skeleton. When its ribs are struck with mallets (provided) each rib lights up and emits a distinct tone. Further along, a rainbow forest of seaweed glows under black lights, while metallic goldfish hover larger than life overhead. This is a highly stimulating environment, with lots of light, sound, climbing, ducking, and touching. There are flashing lights, loud noises, and wild patterns on the walls. There are stairs, ladders, and small spaces to crawl through. (Though I entered through the fireplace, I emerged from behind the walls through a refrigerator.)My companion and I loved this place, but it may not be appropriate for people with mobility issues, sensory processing sensitivities, or epilepsy. Barring medical limitations, I can't imagine anyone not finding something dazzling here. Everything is a riddle to be explored by touching and investigating close up. Beams of light are to be played like a harp. Drawers and cabinets are there to rifle through. Even the toilet has a whimsical surprise hidden deep inside.Although I did see children here, this is still a great adventure for adults without kids. I would be worried about becoming separated from little ones, because there are so many hidden passages, and the lighting tends to be pretty dim through out. That said, it's great for anyone curious. Hold hands if you don't want to lose anyone, and enjoy the craziness of it all. Just prepare to leave overwhelmed, overjoyed, and exhausted.

If you like art this is a must see.  You can't help but appreciate the concepts on display.  It is amazing what the mind can create.  This is not  traditional by any stretch of the imagination.  It is different so be prepared, but well worth taking a look to expand your mind.

We heard about this place multiple times, so we decided to give it a try and took our 7 year old along, since its recommended for young kids. The positive- staff members are nice, helpful. Place is well run, exhibits are unique and well maintained. You are in a constant state of awe and whimsical explorations, lots of interactive.Negative- Only take your kids there if they are older than 6 or 7, again depending of you child. My son is 7 and found it creepy, scary and nightmarish.  The whole story behind it is mind bending and perhaps a bit much of an out of sync. Certain drawings and paintings are psychologically challenging, but I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder.I will definitely not be returning again.

This is a magical place! There's a story behind the house but I just took it in without doing the "research". I'll do that next time. If you have mobility limitations you may want to skip this. Lots of stairs, climbing, crawling, uneven surfaces. Walk through the refrigerator and look closely in the toilet. Play the mastodon's ribs. Even an old gimpy Grandma like me had a great time. There was just some areas I had to skip. Lots of couches, benches to sit.  Still very worthwhile! My 5 year old granddaughter LOVED it! It's dark, lots of twists and turns. Easy to get separated. There's a slightly creepy/Sci Fi/Aliens edge that adults will love and young kids won't get. They will just see the fun. There are lots of interactive things to do and you are encouraged to touch, explore everything. My adult son was with us for his second time and saw many things he didn't catch the first time. In the lobby there's an art area for kids, and another area where adults were working on projects. I don't think I would take a kid less than 5, they might get scared. Depends on your kid. Out in the parking lot there are several food trucks, huge sculptures. You can get snacks from a machine inside. It was pretty crowded on a Sunday afternoon. My daughter in law suggested getting there when they open, or go during the week  NM residents get a discount. A truly amazing place!

I took my boys (11 & 12) here and we had a good time. It's a mind-bender, which is really fun and engaging, but can make the overall experience a bit frutstrating at times. The mystery quickly seems huge and unsolvable, and I found myself worrying about going down that rabbit hole I assosiate with a new hobby or some other major lifestyle change. Oveall this is a totally worthwhile way to spend a day, and kudos to the artists that made something this incredible. It's a real testament to the creative spirit.

We live in Santa Fe, it is not a young city. Meow Wolf is changing that. Youthful, energetic, vibrant and creative space, great concerts, keeping artists working and giving young people a place to hang out and imagine. It's worth the visit, and worth eternal return.

Meow Wolf is an experience like no other. It is a completely enchanting sensory adventure, like walking into a dream or the fantasy world of childhood.  I highly recommend this for everyone.  I know I will go back again and again. It is another great reason to come to New Mexico!

Go while everything is still pretty new.  The real task of this place will be keeping up with the maintenance, because people are animals and they break and steal stuff.  You will never be certain that you've seen it all.  Take the time to examine details.  Play with the stuff you're meant to play with.  It's all awesome.

I discovered this place via tumblr, and I wanted to check it out myself since I was coming to visit NM anyway. Immediately when I entered House of Eternal Returns, it gave me a strange, mysterious aura. They had so many fun rooms to offer and a lot of interaction with it. I enjoyed it a lot, and after being there for one hour, I still did not see some of the rooms. Next time I visit NM, I hope to see House of Eternal Returns again. Also, I advise you to come in the late morning if you don't like big crowds.

When I go on day trips I want to see something that makes me go wow! This place is beyond any expectation that I could of had. Sensory overload and I loved every minute of this place.  The designers have tapped into something truly amazing and hope they build more of these around the country. It doesn't matter if you are young or old you can appreciate and marvel at the complex masterpiece they have here. Santa Fe is an art community with Meow Wolf being a priceless work of art, in my opinion the best thing to see. Take the time to visit and let your mind wander through imagination. Just a truly awesome place. 

I can honestly say that I have never experienced anything like Meow Wolf in my life and of all the installations and exhibitions I've seen, this is the pinnacle of truly immersive, interactive art. A healthy dose of the surreal turns a journey through an intriguing old house into a kaleidoscopic dream/nightmare/fantasy of Lewis Carroll proportions.Santa Fe is so lucky to have this amazing experience on its doorstep and I can only hope others take note because the world deserves more playful and thought-provoking art such as this.Advice: visit on a weekday night, giving yourself at least 3 hrs to get around. It's less busy meaning more time spent exploring and less time waiting for others to finish expressing their amazement (AKA moving out of the way!) One of a kind and HIGHLY recommended.

it was so fun thought it might be just for kids, but no, you will actually become a kid again in this play house. you must open your mind and imagination to truly appreciate all the time, effort and thought that these artist put into building this. it really dose take a good two hours to find all the hidden passage ways and clues. I would recommend and go back again . was well worth the money 

An interactive art experience - you have to experience it to understand - 2 hours went by and it only seemed like minutes!

This is a captivating experience for adults and children alike. There is so much to explore and discover, and so many layers of experience - from the astounding visual worlds they've created to the minute details of the story of the family that inhabited these worlds. Everything is interactive and invites you to discover hidden musical properties, hidden doorways, hidden messages...Plan at least 2 hours just to explore the worlds. If you want to delve into the mysterious story of the family, plan more time or return trips.

This unique experience is worth the trip. Inside a nondescript metal buildung is a fantasy land. Different rooms have different rooms. There is a "sloppy boy" room with all thethings a boy would have, including a photo album created jsut for the display. Various doors, closets, and even a refrigerator open to hidden passages. One especially good one is a dinosaur ribs which can be played like a drum. Lots of glow in the dark paint. A place kids will never forget.

My 21 year old daughter and I were road tripping to Durango, my home, where I had originally read a review in our local paper about Meow Wolf. The article almost challenged people to go and not have their mind blown. Being that I am a married woman in my mid 50's that needed a mind blowing experience, I detoured our ride through Sante Fe to see this. We visited on Memorial Day week-end so there were a lot of people but the "space" is huge so you did not feel cramped. It was so clever and fun. Many interactive opportunities to sit and ponder. It is as if you are exploring the deepest and most private parts of each individual's mind that lives (or lived) in the house. It is a mystery but I got lost in the experience so if there was, is an answer i really did not care after 2 hours of exploring. We came back that night for a DJ electronic music concert. Loads of fun. Congratulations to the creators! 

This is a must see if you are in the area. Fun for adults and kids. Would visit again. The place is huge. Lots of things to explore. 

Don't want to give it away, but it was described as a Art Exhibit that you can interact and react to. It was a mystery to be solved.Cost is 18 and you will spend a couple of hours here. Two of us were really in to it and the other two did not get it and lost interest. You must be interested in not only art but the art of mystery and imagination to enjoy this. Probably best for teens and up to really enjoy the experience.Nothing like it and so cleverly done.

This is an amazing experience that you shouldn't miss if you have three hours to spare in Santa Fe. Days later, I still find myself thinking about it, and it stands out as one of the most impressive…well, it’s hard to know exactly what to call it, as it is part art installation, part interactive mystery, part all-ages amusement park. I can't really add much of substance to what others have said about The House of Eternal Return (which is what this attraction should be listed under, not Meow Wolf), but can summarize the tips that helped us. Allow 2-3 hours. We took 2 hours 15 minutes, but if you fully read all the dairies, newspapers, etc. and view all the videos, it could easily take over 3 hours. Avoid evenings and weekends, when apparently it gets quite crowded. We went at opening time (10 am) on a Monday, and although there were a number of people there, we rarely felt like it was difficult to get to what we wanted. Since some of the "clues" in this interactive mystery are detailed journals, letters, and movies with soundtracks heard through headphones, having a big crowd could make for a slow and frustrating experience. It really doesn't matter what order you do your journey in, but it is worth exploring every nook and cranny, because although most rooms and passages have multiple ways of getting to them, a few are cul-de-sacs that can only be reached one way. Don't get too much information about it before you go, because part of the fun is piecing together the story of what happened. It's hard to imagine someone who wouldn't enjoy this, but some of it does call for a great deal of physical agility  (for example, crawling through a fireplace, squeezing up a tiny spiral staircase), so it might be a bit frustrating for someone with mobility issues.

While visiting Santa Fe, I saw an article in the local paper on Meow Wolf, so we decided to go. It was early afternoon, during the week, so not crowded.It was truly a cool, psychedelic experience! A visual masterpiece! A combination of a maze, the Twilight Zone and Alice Through the Looking Glass. With lots of far out lights, sounds and off-the-wall concepts.A brilliant idea and design...magnificently executed! My only sadness is that I have seen nothing to compare...and really want more!

Don't want to give it away, but it was described as a Art Exhibit that you can interact and react to. It was a mystery to be solved.Cost is 18 and you will spend a couple of hours here. Two of us were really in to it and the other two did not get it and lost interest. You must be interested in not only art but the art of mystery and imagination to enjoy this. Probably best for teens and up to really enjoy the experience.Nothing like it and so cleverly done.

This is an amazing experience that you shouldn't miss if you have three hours to spare in Santa Fe. Days later, I still find myself thinking about it, and it stands out as one of the most impressive…well, it’s hard to know exactly what to call it, as it is part art installation, part interactive mystery, part all-ages amusement park. I can't really add much of substance to what others have said about The House of Eternal Return (which is what this attraction should be listed under, not Meow Wolf), but can summarize the tips that helped us. Allow 2-3 hours. We took 2 hours 15 minutes, but if you fully read all the dairies, newspapers, etc. and view all the videos, it could easily take over 3 hours. Avoid evenings and weekends, when apparently it gets quite crowded. We went at opening time (10 am) on a Monday, and although there were a number of people there, we rarely felt like it was difficult to get to what we wanted. Since some of the "clues" in this interactive mystery are detailed journals, letters, and movies with soundtracks heard through headphones, having a big crowd could make for a slow and frustrating experience. It really doesn't matter what order you do your journey in, but it is worth exploring every nook and cranny, because although most rooms and passages have multiple ways of getting to them, a few are cul-de-sacs that can only be reached one way. Don't get too much information about it before you go, because part of the fun is piecing together the story of what happened. It's hard to imagine someone who wouldn't enjoy this, but some of it does call for a great deal of physical agility  (for example, crawling through a fireplace, squeezing up a tiny spiral staircase), so it might be a bit frustrating for someone with mobility issues.

While visiting Santa Fe, I saw an article in the local paper on Meow Wolf, so we decided to go. It was early afternoon, during the week, so not crowded.It was truly a cool, psychedelic experience! A visual masterpiece! A combination of a maze, the Twilight Zone and Alice Through the Looking Glass. With lots of far out lights, sounds and off-the-wall concepts.A brilliant idea and design...magnificently executed! My only sadness is that I have seen nothing to compare...and really want more!

This is an experience all to itself.  Best to go on a weekday when it isn't as crowded.  Check everything out because there are small details that shouldn't be missed.

Totally enjoyable for kids from 5 to 85. Everyone should see this exhibit once. Many  will want to go back again and again, it is that good.

Our first time was so incredible that we were back in The House of Eternal Return within a few weeks. It started with entering the door and ending up in someone's front yard. It seemed like there was a party going on in the house as we could see a ton of people through the windows. We decided to go in. It was pretty crowded an we couldn't figure out the lure right away. It appeared to be someone's house with a bunch of strangers rifling thru their stuff. I found myself a bit weirded out at all the people shuffling through the paperwork and books and opening drawers and taking out clothes. It felt so wrong to us. Then my husband noticed something, seized my hand and dragged me into the kitchen to grab the handle of the refrigerator and say, "You gotta see this!" As I'm wondering what the big deal about a refrigerator is, he opens the door to a brilliant white light and a hallway leading off to the left. As my jaw drops, I barely manage a "What the...?" before I'm pulled through the door and into a magical future world. That was just the beginning of the secret doors and magical places we visited that day. We are not fond of the screaming of children, so the next time we wnet, it was for one of Meow Wolf's evening events. Although there were still children present (???) this was much easier and more comfortable for us. You will love this as long as your mind is open and your heart is still young. Adults will benefit more mentally from this experience, but kids will love it too. Definitely a must see sight of New Mexico! Fully intend to be back there soon! 

This is the oddest place I think I have ever been.  What starts out as a 'normal' visit to a museum suddenly goes wild when you see people go through the fridge and fireplace.  Beyond those areas are light shows, a large school bus, neon forest, musical mastadon bones, fabric that lights up to music...and the list goes on and on.  What's so amazing about this place is that we saw young and old enjoying the spaces.  It was truly cool to see kids playing in the neon forest while their grandparents sought fun in the victorian house or black and white room.  There's so much going on here that it's hard to describe.  SO...fun and odd.  Definitely should be on everyone's number one list to visit in Santa Fe

An art installation meets theme park, meets an entry into a strange fairy tale.  Interactive, weird, visually overwhelming and so cool.

You can spend hours in here! They do such an amazing job and you can spend so much time in each section trying to see everything they have set up for you! It is honestly amazing

Since it opened quite recently (2 months) Meow Wolf has enjoyed rave reviews.  And it is quite an experience for those who enjoy installation art.  I guess we forgot to make a stop in Colorado before we arrived.  

The adults enjoyed it almost as much as the kids.  Our group ranged from 3 years old to 70 years old.  Everyone had a blast.  Fun for the entire family.

We went to Meow Wolf which is a mystery house inside an old bowling alley.  There is a story behind the people that lived there and you can read letters and see articles about their lives.  The house has many secret doorways to other rooms and many have a science fiction feel to them.  It was worth the trip

Having grown up here in NM, I can tell you that Meow Wolf is easily the most interesting thing to see while you’re in Albuquerque/Santa Fe area.  And yet, it is so hard to describe.  It’s like an Art Museum/Fun House where you can touch all the Art and interact with it… but that is a far too limited definition. It’s also like being immersed into a Sci-Fi movie where you get to be the explorer of the space and can take as much time as you like to do so.  You can even leave (for example, to get food) and come back on the same day to continue exploring. If you love Art, Sci-Fi, Science, or just have a innate curiosity and like a good mystery to solve, this is definitely a place you must see. It’s kid friendly as well, and many of the spaces seemed to have been made especially for kids to explore. I would refrain from looking up pictures or reading up on this place too much because part of its charm is its mystery.  It’s a place where you should leave your expectations behind (except your expectation to have a beautiful place to discover and explore). Highly recommend for people of any age, sex, etc. This place was made for everyone… but especially for the curious and admirers of art and the mysterious.  My advice is simply to allow yourself enough time to take it in and explore the vast space. How much is enough time?  I would say, give yourself at least 3 hours. This place is revolutionary and I hope it spawns many copy-cats across the country.

When going to Santa Fe this is a must see activity.  Very interactive, many things to touch and see.  My daughter made an art picture and I had high score on Galaxy for the day.  Look for the refrigerator, eyes, and the bus we had a great time.  Too much to list but the whole family, kids and adults will enjoy.  Can't wait to see the movie. The snow cone truck outside was a blast too.

Different but awesome. It was the first time we went. Must go to see. Lights, glow up dime down. Things look differnt then they are. Loved the elephant bones make music.

Had the best time. We were there for hours and kept getting lost in the art. We would go through one passage and almost not want to because we were done with the area we were in but after hours of exploring we did get to see everything. Definitely would go again when our daughter is old enough to understand 

This is such an interesting place. I think you have to have an open mind. Its very different. Its exploring, tactile, visual,quirky, sensory exploration. suspend your expectations. It's like stepping into someone's home where nothing is what you think it is. Open a door, surprise! behind it is something completely unexpected.  and you are taken someplace. It is reminiscent of City museum I don't know how they were able to create so many pathways going this way and that in the space. Great for adults as well as kids. Our group was empty nesters and we had a great time.

Meow Wolf is a unique and amazing art experience. I enjoy art that I can interact with and was not disappointed. Meow Wolf is brilliantly conceptualized and executed with incredible detail. You can experience it on many levels - enjoying moving through an installation or working through the clues and story behind the installation. A place you can go back to, as it is not possible to take it all in at one time.

Kind of a "blind men and the elephant" experience. Insights and opinions will vary with what you choose to focus on. You can immerse yourself to different levels in the installation.  Two to three hours would seem to be the minimum commitment here, but a full day would not be enough to paw over everything offered. We went with four and I know my son could have spent hours more with the tapes and videos. It seemed that some people could happily root through scraps of paper and old photos forever.  And then there is the oh so varied and eclectic visual experience.

This was definitely an interesting activity. We tried it out on our honeymoon. It was fun, somewhat weird, but definitely something worth checking out. It says it's for kids, but to me, it is too "out there" for little kids. 

Best way to describe this museum is "ALICE IN WONDERLAND meets DR SEUSS meets ANDY WARHOL! A very unique experience to say the least. This museum is a must see.Interactive experience everyone one will enjoy.

What a great experience. So hard to describe what to expect but so much fun. Bring the kids go for a date night or share with visitors just be sure to check it out. I thought the price was a little high for a family on a budget but there is a discount for NM residents.

This is the most incredible interactive art experience a person can have.  It is indescribable, just can't say enough good things about it.  We are in our 70's and enjoyed it every bit as much as the school children who were on a field trip there at the same time.  You can walk through a refrigerator, play music on laser beams, and so much more.  

We went just to check out the House of Eternal Return, and really enjoyed it!  It was a lot more extensive than I thought it would be just from the description... will have to return to have more time to explore the story aspect more carefully.  As it was we had a great time exploring all over, and trying out many interactive elements... if you are older I'd recommend showing up earlier in the evening as it seemed like the later it go the more crowded it was and there were a lot of teenagers coming in (though they didn't bother anyone).

This place offers a bizarre visual, tactile, auditory and participatory experience which can take a while to get into and "get" but once there it is easy to embrace. Think of Alice in Wonderland but beware of  sensory enhancing drugs since Meow Wolf can border on over stimulation and can become overpowering. If you took your time here to really try to figure it all out, you could easily spend several hours to piece it all together in your mind, but a couple of hours should satisfy your curiosity.    Younger rambunctious crowd with parents during the day with an older crowd of all ages in the evening. If you are looking for something different to stimulate your creativity and imagination this place will definitely do it.  I will only offer one hint - take your time and look for the hidden passageways which may require you to bend, crawl or climb to the next surprise.     

We had heard so many great things about this place we decided to go as soon our schedules allowed. Unfortunately, this turned it to be on a Saturday afternoon. It was very crowded and a busload of high school students didn't help. We waited in line to buy tickets and then waited again to gain entrance to the exhibit, but once inside...WOW! We were greeted by a full-size, two story house! We were overwhelmed at first, but figured we just needed to jump in and start exploring. The rooms contained books, clothing, personal objects, letters, photo albums, etc. pertaining to a particular family and after some review it was clear that a mystery surrounded these former inhabitants. The crowds prevented us from becoming too familiar with them and their story, but it didn't matter, there was still plenty to see and do. Secret passages lead to alternate universes, an enchanted forest, treehouse, spaceship, a performance area with a stage and even an arcade with working games from the 80's. I won't go into too much detail, because the best way to experience it is to explore and make discoveries on your own. One recommendation, though. If you're local, go once and take it all in. Then go again when the crowds are smaller and pour through the nooks and crannies of the house...open drawers, read letters, peruse the family photos on the wall of the staircase, etc. Then you can really take the time to unravel the mysterious story surrounding the family. That's what we plan to do on a future trip.

This is so cool! I went with a friend on a Saturday morning, not recommended unless necessary, half hour after they opened, it was packed. I live in Santa Fe, and I will go back as often as I can.

You will not find a place like this in most if not any other places.  It is fun, fantastic, full of imagination and wonderful concepts.  The artist who put these concepts together are incredible.  Note, you might believe that you have seen it all but my bet every time you return you will find things you missed.

The correct name of this attraction is The House of Eternal Return; Meow Wolf is the group that created it.Located in a former bowling alley and funded in part by Game of Thrones author George R. R. Martin, The House of Eternal Return is a unique experience. It may not be great art, but it is a lot of fun. The MW's have built a two-story house that serves as the entry way to something resembling a carnival funhouse designed for (and possibly by) people high on hallucinogenic drugs. I'm not going to attempt to describe what you'll see in the HoER, it's too complex and varied. You'll just have to discover for yourself what lies beyond that door or around the next corner. If you're tired of adobe, turquoise, and green chilis, this attraction will give a you break from the standard Santa Fe/Southwestern fare.Note: there is nothing here that will frighten children: nothing that pops up or makes sudden loud noises, but if you bring small children, keep a close watch on them. If you get separated, it could take an hour to find them in this maze-ey environment. Some passages may difficult to navigate for people with disabilities.

As a native of santa fe, this is by far THE best attraction in town. For all ages, I promise you meowwolf is unreal wonderland experience you will never forget and want to return to! :)

You must go and enjoy a few hours to enjoy a family friend experience.  You will come back or and over again.   It is different, fantastic, unbelievable and you will be fascinated.  Very family friendly and affordable.

We were so excited to check it his out, and it was amazing!  It is impossible to describe, but the experience of just wandering through this amazing artist collaboration was one of the highlights of our trip. My 12 year old daughter said it was her favorite thing in Santa Fe!  Every time we thought we had found everything we'd discover another amazing space we missed. We almost missed he laser room, love the giant rabbit and the dome full of eyes.  We wished we lived close enough to go back again and again to really explore the story as well as the environment.  The Tardis and the Art-o-mat just added to the overall fun of the whole space.  

When I tried to explain to my husband why we had to go to Meow Wolf, his reaction was more or less "mm-hmm, that's nice, dear, we can do whatever you want." Now that we've gone, he's basically telling everyone he knows to stop what they're doing, drive to Santa Fe, and go to Meow Wolf. I have created an evangelist!Now, why are you still sitting here? Go get in your car!

Meow Wolf's House of Eternal Return is a multi media art experience. It is an incredible art experience. But I really can't describe it . The installation revolves around a Victorian house that has gone through time and space. It is a combination of science fiction and art. It is something that you have to experience. I think it is like a haunted house experience without the haunted, scary stuff: an adult version of fun and excitement.I am taking all of my out-of-town guests there. I have several photos that tell a much richer story than I. Ticket prices are: Adult 18, Seniors 16, Child 12,New Mexico Resident Adult 15, Child 10 , Senior 13. Hours M,W-Sunday 10am to 8pm.Friday-Saturday 10am-10pm It is closed on Tuesday.

We visited this interactive art exhibit and had so much fun.  The place has multiple themed rooms and a small simulated town.  Everywhere you look there is some new perspective or visual/ auditory experience.  Walk through a refrigerator door or through a closet and you are in a new place.  Everything is touchable and interesting to look at.  We spent a couple of hours here and had so much fun.  The place is brimming with creativity.  I hooe the exhibits will rotate so we can expetience this again!

I am a resident of Santa Fe and thought nothing new here would really spark my interest.  How very wrong I was!  This interactive art installation must be seen to be believed.  Upon our arrival on a busy Friday day night, we were a bit chagrined to see a fairly long line for admission.  But it moved quickly, and the front desk staff were friendly and efficient.  We had not talked to anyone else who had attended yet (we went shortly after the initial opening) and really didn't know what to expect.  We just started going from room to room, and found ourselves entranced, amazed and agog.  There is so much to see and felt and heard....and words don't do it justice.  Just.....GO!  You will find yourself having a once-in-a-lifetime experience.  Oh!  And take your kids if you have them....they will love it, too.

This is a massive art installation that is part puzzle, part haunted house, and part alternative reality.  There is no way to really describe this place fully so just go and immerse yourself in something that is very very different.  We visited as a family and my 14-year-old son loved it (we normally have to drag him round art galleries).  On the day we visited there were people of all ages and backgrounds here and all seemed to be really enjoying the experience.  Best to phone and check opening times, as they can be different to those on the website.  But don't miss this.

This installation is like nothing I have ever seen before. Winchester mystery house meets through the looking glass while Monsieur Poirot looks on. Don't ask just go, pay your $15 and don't forget to open the refrigerator. 

This is something new and different in Santa Fe.  An art installation, a theme park, possibly a bit of both; hard to describe.  You enter into what appears to be a shell of a Victorian home, but one with a back history and lots of hidden or elusive ways to move from the real to the fantastical.  A unique experience, fun, clever, and engaging for all ages.

We went as a surprise trip while visiting our daughter in Albuquerque.  We were not familiar with Meow Wolf and did not know what to expect.  The creative sights and activities heighten the senses and get your creative juices flowing.  There are so many choices of directions and levels and "secrets" to discover that multiple visits are in order to discover them all.  I recommend this to all ages.  

This place is just like the other reviews say. It is an incredible art installation, fully interactive. You need to stay on top of your kiddos in this place. So many nooks and crannies to go down. All sorts of hidden doors and fun paths to follow. Go, you will love it!

This is unlike any experience or art exhibit I've ever seen. I've been twice now, once with a friend and once with my husband. It is entertaining and engaging for both adults and children, as both groups will get something different from the experience.

A very nice place to play with your kids, I love it. Good to stay for hours! Kids really enjoy, very creative, spooky, arty,futuristic etc.

Indescribable permanent installation of an interactive journey through time and space that is great fun for everyone. 

On a recent trip to Santa Fe, a group of us visited Meow Wolf on the advice and high recommendation of one of our waiters at a local restaurant.  He said it was similar to a "Disneyland for adults", but, yet, so much more.  Although I would not necessarily characterize Meow Wolf the same way, we actually did find our experience difficult to explain, and were somewhat at a loss for words to define exactly what the venue is all about.  However, we had so much fun...the best time exploring and easily spent almost 4 hours trying to take it all in.  You truly get lost in time!  Fun for all ages, but I would be a little nervous if I brought little ones (toddlers or young children) along.  There are way too many areas where, if a little one happens to wander off, you would be hard-pressed to know where to find them.  Better to go early as it does tend to get busy as the day goes on.  A much more enjoyable expereince if you have the room to wander & explore on your own.  A must-do for the eternally curious and adventurous!  Just do it...

Sensory overload with so much to see and interact with displays. A great visual experience that left us wanting to go back for more. This place is a definite must see and a great place to take people of all ages.

When my family and I went, we didn't know what to expect. From the moment we walked in, I realized this would be completely different from anything we'd ever done. I don't really even know how to describe it except to say you have to go. We all loved it. We planned to go for a couple of hours but ended up spending four. My son especially enjoyed it. Just go and see for yourself how unique and amazing this place is.

This is an an awesome experience! So much art, color, imagination ,music and on and on. Disneyland meets Alice in Wonderland and some Beetlejuice mixed in. Do not miss this and the kids will really love it! May not be good for some really young kids depending on the kid! Still thinking about it!!

For all ages but especially appreciated by those who can climb, crouch, crawl and maneuver over changing landscapes. It is a treat for the senses, especially the eyes, but there is lots to touch and hear. Key word-explore. It is --->absolutely<--- one of the BEST things I have ever seen :) GO!!!

The House of Eternal Return is a immersive interactive art experience where countless artists have created a mysterious labyrinth of rooms within a 20,000 square foot former bowling alley. Hard to describe, but truly an unforgettable experience. There are so many cool things hidden away in in the nooks & crannies of this place that it's unlikely you will encounter them all in a single visit. Apparently they also host events in the town square area so I will now pay close mind to Meow Wolf social media to plan my return for a different kind of experience. This experience offers both edgy appeal to adults as well as quality shared experience for families. There's limited food available on the premises, and a great gift shop of artsy wares. Looking forward to my return!

This is an an awesome experience! So much art, color, imagination ,music and on and on. Disneyland meets Alice in Wonderland and some Beetlejuice mixed in. Do not miss this and the kids will really love it! May not be good for some really young kids depending on the kid! Still thinking about it!!

For all ages but especially appreciated by those who can climb, crouch, crawl and maneuver over changing landscapes. It is a treat for the senses, especially the eyes, but there is lots to touch and hear. Key word-explore. It is --->absolutely<--- one of the BEST things I have ever seen :) GO!!!

The House of Eternal Return is a immersive interactive art experience where countless artists have created a mysterious labyrinth of rooms within a 20,000 square foot former bowling alley. Hard to describe, but truly an unforgettable experience. There are so many cool things hidden away in in the nooks & crannies of this place that it's unlikely you will encounter them all in a single visit. Apparently they also host events in the town square area so I will now pay close mind to Meow Wolf social media to plan my return for a different kind of experience. This experience offers both edgy appeal to adults as well as quality shared experience for families. There's limited food available on the premises, and a great gift shop of artsy wares. Looking forward to my return!

Indescribable place-  The House of Eternal Return is the art installation (not as boring as it reads) that's a full size home, with hidden doors to portals of other dimensions (you can open the fridge and walk into a whole other world!) it's beyond amazing and great for all ages, It's interactive (you can touch stuff and music plays or it lights up) In the "backyard" is a concert venue where you can listen to great artists while still exploring all the creative craziness that is Meow Wolf. I encourage EVERYONE to visit this awesome place, nothing like I've seen anywhere before. (I've been there 3 times now and every time I see something new)

My two daughters and I went to Meow Wolf.  It was sort of like an adult sized fun house that included a mystery to solve that we didn't quite figure out.  You could go through the fridge and fireplace to explore five portals.  Very cool interactive art!

"Twilight Zone meets Exploratorium": this venue is a must for anyone traveling to northern NM.  Exceptional 3-dimensional art, architectural imaginings and spacial fun.  Lots of detail and thematic completion to appreciate.  While a few areas are still works in progress, the whole space is fun and thoughtfully assembled.  AND, there are two areas for children to play in with minimal supervision req'd.

You absolutely must go! An incredible interactive art exhibit that will capture your attention for hours. Good for children and adults.

Every few minutes was like turning the page and wandering into another short-story reality; two and one half hours felt rushed exploring and savouring each.  Very insightful creative adventure; I plan to return with a journal to reflect on some of my notions of 'the moment'. And expect to share returns with out of town guests too. Quite a creative experiential addition to the already art experienced town of Santa Fe.

This newly opened sensory funhouse is especially good for teens and older children but anyone any age will love it. There is also a special room for young children to create and one for adults(with training) to create. The lights may bother you if you are prone to headaches. I had to take a rest but still very well worth it.

Truly a magical experience. From age 9-49 we all felt true wonder here as we wandered about this truly unique art exhibit. 

Travelers
After months of hearing from my mother how great Meow Wolf is, I visited with my family and really enjoyed my visit.  However, there were a few things that left me wanting, so I'll focus on some tips that may help you get more out of your experience.

Meow Wolf can be described as an interactive art exhibition that includes an optional story and mystery.  I was immediately drawn to it.  There is a reason you can climb through the refrigerator and enter another dimension.  Taking in the story adds so much more to the visit, as does working to find all the other clues.  Without the story, we would have left after an hour or two...without context, some of the things you see will just feel, well, weird.  But with context, it was amazing.

I'm dinging this a star because there was one obvious problem that detracted from the fun: it was simply too crowded.  It makes it hard to move through parts of the exhibition, and if you find yourself wrapped up in the mystery, you'll find yourself waiting for a long time before you can look closely at the clues.

There are a few things you can do to mitigate this.  The first is to book the very first available time of the day (9 am, I think).  By 10 am, the place is pretty full, and it doesn't abate.  Second, you can purchase in advance a packet which has many of the clues that are inside the house, such as the newspaper on the kitchen table.  Third, you can purchase an app for $5, which gives you additional things to look for.  Makes it a lot more fun for the kids.

The down side to this is that if you've gone through the entire mystery (which took us 6 hours), I can't see ourselves returning.  Its definitely fun and worth a visit, particularly if you invest the time to get into the story and solve the mystery.
We booked tickets on 1/2 at 10am and had no trouble parking or getting in. Friendly and ample staff in lobby. Coat check at $1 a family was a bargain since it was so cold and snowing outside. Inside was a lot to process and I appreciated that we could come and go during our stay. We left the experience at times to go to the restroom or get water/coffee and part of our group went back in to explore. We loved the experience. And would recommend to others. By the time we left (2 hours) it was very crowded inside and made moving around and exploring harder and less fun. 
This was one of the most unique immersion experiences that I have had at an art attraction. This has to be a must stop while visiting in Santa Fe, whether you have kids or not.  Our kids age 8 & 10 said this was one of their highlights of their trip and loved every minute of it.  The creativity is unmatched by all the different rooms, hidden doors, and overall experience.  Recommend to buy tickets in advance as lines can get long, however we were lucky and were able to show up about 30 minutes before hand and still get in as one of the time slots was not sold out.  Can't wait to see how the other Meow Wolfs will differ once they open in other states.
The concert was a 21+ show, my girlfriend who bought the ticket's is 20, she wasn't aware of this at the time. When we arrived at the doors we were denied entrance and told that we could receive a refund to the ticket's via the website. After contacting 3 different people she still hasn't received a refund. Making people pay for concerts they weren't allowed to see is sketchy, unreasonable, and unprofessional. I will not be attending the museum again or any other concerts that might be showing there.
We cannot deny that the art presented is complex and gorgeous and it took the artists a lot of time. However, any chronology was lost and we couldn’t understand our objective (if any) besides to ‘experience’ the art - but then the story line is missed. Maybe if there had been an introduction or brochure at the entrance, we could have had a better start and an easier time inside. Did we need to solve a mystery? 
Also, some people had 3D glasses and said they were $1 but no one offered us glasses at the entrance. Also bag check is $1. I think if we’re already paying a crazy $35 per person entry, then give us the glasses for free. Further, some people had apps on their phones and other information and clues, so they were having a much different experience than us. While true, everyone will experience this art installation differently, if there is supposed to be a story line, it would be better if all customers could start on the same page. 
Finally we got overwhelmed in our visit and had to leave, unable to find and watch the videos in order, and unable to understand the whole story. For just playing with art, not worth the money. Maybe limit the number of tickets, too, as I waited some time to try to read ‘clues’ and understand the ‘plot.’ 
Poorly executed - although pretty. 
There is a story line and scavenger hunt you should follow to get the full benefits from this museum. Unfortunately the only time we could go was 1pm on a Saturday and it was crowded. Could not really spend time on clues because so many  people were reading them. Also there were few secrets because everyone was opening or crawling through things you are meant to discover.   We did have some fun walking through the various art rooms but it really was lost on us and not very exciting. This is too expensive to get so little from. Plan to go when you will have few people and children  to contend with. 
We knew nothing about the exhibit prior to arriving in Santa Fe and walked over here at the recommendation of a fellow traveler who had children about the age of ours.  Turn's out it's a really unique and strange experience.  To get in, it's best to buy tickets in advance ($30, no discounts for teens) but we were able to get them as we waited in line.  They have timed entries which were 20 minutes apart while we were there, so we scanned a QR code on a sign in front and picked a time about 30 minutes out. They have separate waiting lines in front with the 20 minute apart times posted in them.  Once inside, keep up with your kids or arrange to meet them at a specific place and time as the 20,000 ft space is a labyrinth.  There's a theme and plot to the whole exhibit , which consists of dozens of rooms and spaces with different motifs, but it was so crowded when we were there that it was difficult to follow.  So, we spent a couple of hours checking out all of the interactive, audio, and visual exhibits while our kids did the same on their own.  After a couple of hours you will have probably seen everything or gone into sensory overload.    As an adult, I would have enjoyed it more without all of the unattended kids running around grabbing things, but, in fairness, they all seemed to be having a great time.  

Once you are out of the exhibit space, they have a nice coffee bar which also sells mixed drinks, wine and beer after 4 p.m.  

If you're a live music fan, check their calendar to see if any bands are playing - the stage is inside the exhibit and a great small venue.  It held 300 or so people, so you'll be near the bands while they play.  The show we went to was 18 and up, not all ages, and there are no drinks allowed inside the exhibit, but there are a couple of outside bars with access in and out for 21 and over guests.
We visited as a family and I wish I wore my bike helmet and elbow pads as you do tend to crawl, climb, slide, and dunk your way in, about and around this art installation. There is no set path, you explore where you want to, anything could be a secret door, but watch your head and dress as if you were crawling around a fun house. Tip: make reservations if you don’t want to wait in line and crawl out of bed to make the 10am tour as it’s less crowded. If you are interested in solving the mystery of what happened to the family, check the mailbox. 3D glasses are $1 extra and I lost mine hallway through and didn’t notice a major difference.
I’d heard about Meow Wolf a while back, and it was SO MUCH MORE than I could have ever expected. My friend and I spent hours here exploring the installations and interacting with the art. I honestly can’t recommend this enough to ANYONE.. this isn’t a place that only artists or hippies might enjoy, it is truly for everyone.
It is really hard to describe exactly what Meow Wolf is but part of what makes it so fun is that you can make the experience into what you want. It is an immersive and interactive art experience with a narrative and you can get as involved with the rooms and the story as you'd like. I think I spent nearly 4 hours traversing through the various rooms, engulfed and in awe of the attention and detail given to the all art and ideas displayed, and buried in the story and puzzles. I had a blast to say the least! I would definitely return for a visit and would highly recommend to any person of any age--I think everyone can enjoy it! 
I also got to enjoy a drink at The Float (the snack/bar counter) in Meow Wolf before and after. The cocktails are super delicious!
